It's just the league office.
The teams/players have to pay taxes.
My neighbors said they were in the theater at the time he departed in the original one.
Which is bullshit because the movie was out in like June/July, I remember because it was the same time they brought back Coca-Cola Classic.
greybeard lol
I think I'm the second oldest here and I have like three grey hairs.
I used to go on IRC when I was in college.
That was mostly who used it in #michigan (I think it was EFnet).
UofM and EMU students
EMU is by the "brick dick".
Dude, he's like, not still in jail it looks like..
He has a website..
And seems to be fully "out" now.
I guess that he figures that "freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose".
I'm wondering how that all works, especially since it seems that one of his buddies died of internal injuries.
No, worse.
?
I forget what NSFL stands for.
No, it is a person who a person I know knows.
And spoke at the 2600 convention in 2008.
Yes.
Helian from EFnet was talking about the story about how he knew this guy in college who eventually got busted for a fuckton of cocaine.
And then, how he went to go look for the news about it and saw his porn of himself.
Then a while later I was listening to mp3s of The Last HOPE and got to the WTF moment and it all clicked - that's the same guy!
No, Mr. Hands is different.
bonniek, here is the WTF moment
But the whole talk is interesting not so much because you learn corporation law, but because the guy has this habit of going back to the subject of himself and why he does things the way that he does.
The visuals are SFW.
I think he's got some narcissism issue.
He'll be like "You guys can ask questions, you can see I don't have any slides...on purpose, because..."
He even starts out saying that the reason barely anyone showed up was on purpose.
Ha.
Because he made the title purposefully boring so that people would self-select and he'd only have people who were serious about watching it.
(That's what he would say.)
It might be more interesting to me than most people because I have a fascination with people who have personality disorders and are seemingly oblivious to how they appear/function with other people.
Ha
I think this guy definately stepped over the line because it seems that he was doing the gerbil thing as well.
According to the news reports of his second arrest.
I first heard the urban legend about twenty-five years ago; it's probably given people ideas in the meantime.
But I agree that the issue is made more complex by the fact that I don't really think much about all the factory farming bringing me all the meat I eat.
And he only went to jail for one year...claims he didn't snitch...riiiiiiiight.
But yeah, the whole thing was basically about how I was listening to that, and how much he talked about himself over and over, until he started revealing quite a bit more than I would expect in front of an audience of strangers and the press lol.
Too many convention mp3s/vids I wanna watch now.
Last time I went to Def Con I was really into the talks and basically that was mostly what I did, now I'm like, I'll watch the vids if that's pretty much what I go there to do.
Hacker convention is every week now that there's PS
Yeah, that's why I didn't go, just because of that.
I liked Def Con.  But it's funny that people bust out their Utilikilts the first day and then don't wear them after that.
I was the one who trolled Dan Kaminsky in 2009 if anyone was there.
He got a bunch of his boxes and accounts pwned for having stupid passwords, hadn't really been questioned by anyone for it in the press, so during the Q&A I was like "WHAT KIND OF PASSWORDS WOULD YOU RECOMMEND."
I'll be at Thotcon this year.
I like it but they need to manage the noise.
Did you hang out with rhys from EFnet?
Because you may have met me.
It goes back to that article once again!
dimaa it doesn't take long in Chicago to have a gay friend tell you these things.
I forgot to tell you that EAPH shot up yesterday to like .025 or some junk.
And I'm wondering if there's a bigger pattern to these penny stocks.
Like, if it goes up 10%, it generates enough hype to get a bunch of people buying it the next day and shoot it up to like 40% more, and then a lot more people notice and shoot it up like 20% more after that, and the key is just to buy it on the second day and sell it on the third.
If it goes up 10x, good for them, but you'll just be taking that 20%-30% once a week or so picking these out.
I take it that the meeting is cancelled again.
Some congressman probably was allowed a guest.
Part of the fun of watching videos of prototype-punk rock is the hippies in the audience with frozen expressions
Oh everyone's watching the SOTU
Ha OK
Before you do
Did he say anything about marijuana?
Oh fuck
Someone said about that angry midget who got mad at the trumpet player
"If you listen carefully.... you can hear his mother saying the exact same thing to him as a kid."
XD
Will these windows change my /original/ document?
I was looking for that and found two variations, but not that one.
Oh fuck
Someone posted one of those Time/Life Books commercials, and the description is "How do I contact the Cyber Police?"
ah hahahaha
OH YES
I FOUND IT
The solo from "Freebird" used to last from my high school's parking lot to my driveway.
You can always pay for it.
Because pretty much everyone does anyones.
anyways
That's why you get the $10,000 ones like Eliot Spitzer.
Actually you kind-of could on IRC.
It doesn't go away after you "take care of it"?
See I just think of all the trouble that the person I want to have it with might give me.
lol
There have been pizza rolls from Walgreens lately that are $8/3 bags of fifty.
Nice! brand.
Yeah-uh.
These are chewier than the Totino's but still good.
VVelox
dimaa I got mugged once and told the guy to go away and he did.
Once in 14 years.
He did normal science fiction and then got really weird in the mid-sixties.
All this stuff about how the mind has all these instincts that are not adapted to an environment of technology.
That one has all these medical diagrams in it, that's what that picture reminded me of.
The Furry Freak Brothers.
There's a bunch of Furry Freak strips in /Steal This Book/.
I couldn't find it, but there was a page in it about phreaking and it was them doing something with the telephone.
You know how they have those video cameras you strap to your head now?
There's gonna be more footage of like, people dying with those on their heads than any other brand of camera.
All these videos on YouTube with the tag "hedied".
"No time for the old in-out, love
Does anyone play go?
I play blackjack when I go to the casino.
I used to play more like 10 years ago.
Now it's just like if someone else wants to go, or I'm in Vegas for something else.
You might have noticed I've been doing penny stocks lately which is pretty much gambling.
No, someone me and beek knows was talking about how medical marijuana is like, an area where there were a bunch of new startups and named one that he thought would do better than a few others.
Yeah.
Yeah what was funny is he made about the same amount I did, but on 8x the investment.
But basically you go and find one, and go on the Yahoo! message boards for the stocks, and people taunt each other and mention other stocks in the process, and you go check them out.
People start getting really greedy and talking about how it's going to rise 10x, so my thing is like, these people might run the stock up like 100% or 200% thinking they'll get 1000%, meanwhile if they do that I could sell at 20%-100%.
Not sure if that works though.
I remember going to EPCOT in like 1987, riding the little ride through the big golf ball and getting toward the end where they were singing about how great all the appliances where.
And was like...
...this is WEIRD.\
I go like 1000 miles to hear about how amazing everyday mundane things are.
I did like the imagination pavilion though, that had some neat stuff.
I must have liked something about it because I did miss it when I left...but maybe I just missed that feel when no school or serious obligations for a week.
I played a fuckton of arcade games, maybe that was the fun part.
 /Paperboy/ and the like.
I don't think that was around when I went.
I went in 1987 and then 1989 when the Grand Floridian first opened, and I think the MGM thing had just opened but I didn't go there.
Yeah nowadays I'd like some nice weather and a nice room to go back and sleep in.
No crazy hecticness of trying to see 20 things.
Although last time I went to Vegas, I saw the Liberace Museum which was pretty cool (I am not kidding).
Where is BaristaTam when I find a picture like this
It looks like /b/ broke about twenty minutes ago.
I have a feeling that there's some kind of "stop" lever that moot can pull to keep people from posting more.
And maybe there was another impending civil war that he just put an end to.
It looks like they're getting along pretty well.
Like shouting?
That didn't take long.
Apparently the photographer is a Chicagoan
Someone I met in college said the same about Service Merchandise.
I wonder what he does now that it's closed.
The Silverdome was also the home to many marching band activities and events, including the Michigan Competing Band Association State Marching Band Championships until 2005, the Bands of America Regional championships from 2003 to 2005, and the Bands of America Grand National Championships in 1987 and 1988.
I think that was the marching band competition we took a field trip to watch in 1987.
I was just thinking about how Superbowl XVI was the first I remember.
I am...middle-age.
Now I feel bad that I made fun of them.
Uh, what?
That's weird that Phillip Seymour Hoffman died.
I had a rule of thumb that a movie is usually good if it has him in it.
mik3 are you abum?
I'm still bummed about Phillip Seymour Hoffman.
"I'M AN IDIOT!"
Yeah I had some fucken cool ones, that Z-28 made me think of that ha.
That reminds me of
I got this powerful fucken laser pointer ha ha ha ha.
You can see where I'm going with this.
I wanna go to the LP zoo and see if I can get the lion to chase the dot like it was a kitty cat.
eyehateman
There's some limit on them.
Actually lasers are pretty unregulated.  That's the only law I know, and it's just a product labeling thing.
NOW IF YOU GET A FLU ATTACK
FOR THIRTY DAYS YOU'RE ON YOUR BACK
THROUGH THE NIGHT I'VE SEEN YOU DANCE
SO BABY GIVE ME HALF A CHANCE
Remember when people were trying to make video resumes to try to get into college?
Like if someone had a stack of paper to get through they'd go watch one of those.
Yeah, this was like, around the time I was trying to get into college or something.
Early 90s
That was someone's handle on here who was having some pain issues in his leg from doing yoga.  You mentioned that you had some vicoprofin.  I was wondeirng how he was doing.
Remember that stock I sold for 40%?
And had bought at $0.0108
Yeah, ha
No way to tell that was going to happen though.
Yeah.
Could have made 6x-7x
What I didn't really look at was that they not only were looking to get into medical marijuana, but they sell some sort of legit version of teh Chinese shrink cream or something.
"Viorra" is an over-the-counter aid for the treatment to restore and improve vaginal moisture and elasticity which has a very positive effect on women's sexual desire and arousal FSAD (Female Sexual Arousal Disorder), VIORRA is a topical, daily-use product formulated with ingredients classified by the FDA as Generally Recognized as Safe.
I guess that's the opposite of the Chinese shrink cream, but whatever.
Who in their right mind would put something like that in their pussy?
Just that 70s-looking package.
Should steer someone away.
Like even the claim that it will shrink your vaginal walls would seem scary.
Then there's Stree Overlord
I'm not an expert in these things BTW.  I just happen to notice when I see them.
BTW, the expression you see on him is identical to my /b/ face.
Ha ha
Those things have stuff like cayenne pepper in them.
I saw Stree Overlord in a bunch of the shops in Chinatown where they sell tea and herbs, it seemed to pop up everywhere at once.
I went around looking for that "magic fruit" stuff that they used to sell on Slashdot, to see if I could get it cheaper.
Or oolong.
My fucken favorite tea.
They have it at Chinese restaurants all the time.
It's a little harsh-tasting.
I get it in bags, but they have all sorts of loose tea there too.
Dude
Lao Sze Chuan double-fried sliced pork with cilantro Jiazhou style
I think it's still #503.
I've had Lao Beijing and Lao Shanghai as well, pretty good.
But this dish, it's so fucken good.
It's like
thin pork strips cooked until they're like, crispy almost, tons of those little red peppers all over, green onions, ginger, garlic, and cilantro
I can't find it at any other restaurant.
They are but the numbers are different
Yeah they don't have it in the Uptown one.
Ah.  I hadn't heard of it.
Out of all the things that Yahoo! could have trashed, I wonder why they didn't get rid of Yahoo! Answers.
Some of the worst-quality stuff on the Internet.
But you know what I like about a good question?
The ones where the initial asker has to come back and tell people not to "judge" them.
Like "I'm trying to get pregnant without my boyfriend knowing".  Eight hours later "Who are you to judge me?"
9>About 145,000 results
Does it show up green on your screen?
That looks fucken lame.
I used to fucken
Put that on at work
Drink iced tea all day
And go hyper
Not that mix, just happy hardcore in general
Yeah I like the 90s stuff.
This is my favorite happy hardcore track
Fucken ouch
Ha Russiean Rave
Not good, I fucken lost more money while the stocks I sold soared.
But I'm still way ahead for the year.
EAPH and FITX?
HEMP went way down today though.
Maybe it's their association with High Times, maybe it actually hurt them.
You ever check out the Yahoo! message boards for these?  They're funny.
THERE ARE ONLY TWO EMPLOYEES OF THIS COMPANY CAN YOU SAY SHELL CORPORATION GOING DOWN DOWN DOWN DOWN HA HA HA HA
Stuff like that.
People accuse each other of being "pumpers" or "bashers".
It's like old BBS war room-grade stuff.
Someone started out a rant against me on a BBS with "hey little ceasars crazy bread man"
No, I think it just had to do with my handle being Crazy Mug even then.
I mean, I liked it, but he wouldn't have known that.
And he had a mullet.
But it was 1989.
It must be weird posing for a magazine aimed at 8-15 year-olds.
Because they want you to look attractive, but you probably feel weird about it.
Maybe that's what's behind the look on his face.
I used to get those on my Yahoo! account, they're probably interesting to read.
"I'm the Peter Piper of the 1980s"
I heard them playing on the Walgreens P.A. yesterday and have been thinking about the song since.
That one.
Stuff reminds me of when I was in college, and Sunday night I'd get in my pickup truck and wander around the thumb of Michigan.
One time I was out until like 3am or something, just smoking cigarettes and driving.
I'd drive around to like Monroe and Pontiac and stuff.
Plus "Feel Like Making Love" is totally a strip-club classic.
If you drove from Ypsilanti to Detroit, you passed that huge theater that looks like it belongs in a big city, only it was on the side of this divided highway that had stuff like 50s motels and was spread out.
Years after I graduated I found out that they shut the place down and there was still cum all over the place after they tried for like two or three days of power washing.
So they fucken demolished it ha ha ha ha
So two summers in a row I stayed in Ann Arbor.
And the Michigan Daily goes to a weekly schedule in the summer, and even then I think that barely anyone reads it.
But this guy's girlfriend picked it up and noticed this really weird ad.
We called the number and it was one of those standard "please leave a message" read by some old guy.
A friend of mine put the ad in his wallet and carried it around.
If you click the link and look for Sua Sponte you'll see that it's in that registry.
I went there one night and found out he had other unusual books.
Like "Abe E the agent in I wanna do you a favor"
Ah man.
We'll never get to ask him questions.
 #forcedbicuckold you should try it
Ah
So PHOT had some sort of negative article out yesterday, and it dropped
But then it shot back up lol!
Like into FITX and EAPH?
I might go back to EAPH
That might be
Fuck I'd have 4x on FITX alone ha.
I'll think about it over the weekend.
Ha
Adidas shell toes
with some hipster design on them
I used to have classic BKs with that fake snakeskin on them.
Those.
BK made probably the most unintentionally funny commercial I've ever seen.
I think I'll try to find it.
Can't find it man.
I think I saw this thing once, maybe twice it was so bad.
It was like, 1988
And there was this this dude with heavy metal hair like Adam Curry
And there was this pair of BKs on a pedestal in front of him
And all it was was him saying stuff about how girls loved guys who wore BKs
And that when they see you wear them "they'll know you only have one thing on your mind and there's nothing they can do to stop you".
It was so fucken bad it was funny, beginning with the fact that they were trying to get people to wear them outside of the urban hip-hop demo
Part of me thinks it was some other shoe brand putting it up to make them look uncool, only showing it once so that a bunch of people see it and then BK looks for it to air again and it never comes back, by then people are talking about it.
.weather 47975
.weather 99685
.weather 33852 
Yes.
It seemed to be /pol/ more the /b/ that was talking about her.
But someone out there threatened to DDOS her employer if they didn't fire her and they complied.  But, that's not really something they needed 4chan to coordinate; it was probably some lone guy.
Really, all they probably did was bring more attention to her, until the wrong person knew about it.
It had been spreading on Hacker News Network before that.
Yeah, she disappeared for a long time.  There's a big gap in her Twitter messages.
I'm wondering if her employer gave her more severance pay in exchange for not talking about it.
.quote
.quote
So mik3 you are the admin of Tevatron?
IF YOU LIKE PIÑA COLADA
AND GETTING CAUGHT IN THE RAIN
IF YOU'RE NOT INTO YOGA
IF YOU HAVE HALF A BRAIN
_IF_YOU_LIKE_MAKING_LOVE_AT_MIDNIGHT_
IN THE DUNES OF THE CAPE
I'M THE LOVE THAT YOU'VE LOOKED FOR
WRITE TO ME AND ESCAPE
I heard that right up until he recorded it, it was "if you like Humphrey Bogart".
Wouldn't that have sucked?
I watched that a long time ago and people were writing all these things in the comments like "Who tucks their jacket into their pants?  When was that ever cool?"
Fun fact
Oh I guess I'm wrong.
The song shot up through the charts, becoming the last number-one Billboard Hot 100 hit of the 1970s. Although some sources list this song as the first number-one hit of the 1980s, this is not true; the first chart of that decade, dated on January 5, 1980, was topped by "Please Don't Go" by KC and the Sunshine Band. "Escape", which was number 2 that week, returned to number 1 for an additional week on the January 12 chart, thus having the distinction of
 being the only single in the US to rise to the number 1 position in different decades.
Ha
I think of that as the funeral song for disco.
I like it though.
I think "Upside Down" came out after that though.  I remember disco being around into first grade.
I think it's cool that he can do the duck face even when he's singing.
Yeah!
I like Iggy Pop, he comes from Ypsilanti and his music reminds me of that run-down stuff you see in between Ypsi and Detroit like that theater I posted.
This guy I knew in college knew someone's mom who had the Pioneer High yearbook where Bob Seger was a senior and Iggy Pop was a freshman.
Yeah.
Fuck yeah I love Seger.
There are these woods outside of Ann Arbor and I'm like fuck yeah these are the trusty woods.
My brother went to the Lollapalooza where Seger went onstage to sing "Like A Rock" with The Smashing Pumpkins.
He was introduced as "the /real/ Motor City Madman" (Ted Nugent had made negative comments about Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love that upset Billy Corgan).
I like Uncle Ted too though.
Yeah now he owns all this stuff in Jackson MI.
I met Mr. Nugent once at Borders.
He and his wife wrote a cookbook on how to prepare game animals.
Well.
I was getting the book for my brother, who goes hunting.
He asked me if I go with him and I told him I didn't, I live in the city, etcetera.
And he was like, telling me that I should, because "the more time you spend in predator mode, the more it improves other things in your life".
And talked about how it improves your hand-eye coordination, instincts, stuff like that.
I think that he might have thought he wasn't making enough of an impression because he added "you're learning at the feet of the old man".
Defenseless?
In elementary school we had to invoke a procedure once similar to that followed by those having a shooting where we had to stay in the classroom, shut the door, because a deer had gotten in.
This is the best video of balls
I play go, that's pretty fun.
But that's about it.
I saw some guy behind a register playing Chinese chess, that looked neat.
Oh I pretty much just play go online.
On the Kiseido Go Server
There's a go club but they meet on the same day as PS
9>Outside, an angry mob of more than 2,000 people had gathered to vent its rage, smashing cars and chanting
I got Crystal Light Raspberry Ice punch.
My favorite part of the CTA train system is that part of the yellow line that goes into the woods and past the little pond.
Dude I wanna make this sushi that's like
SPAM and pineapple
and you dip it into some little cherry glaze only I don't know how to make sauces like that
It's supposed to be like the glaze like on a baked ham that you used to put pineapple  slices all over
Hey man.
No, but I'm out of PHOT and KGET.
Not good.
I think I lost like $1500?
I'm still ahead for the year.
Actually no hold on
Probably 20% and maybe actually like $2000 now that I think of it
Lost 22% on PHOT.
Actually about 22% on KGET
shit like 27% on PHOT really
SO that's more like $25000.
or $2500
But
I might go back into FITX and EAPH
Yeah I didn't have time to listen to it.
THe press releases for penny stocks try too hard.
Even the headlines try too ahrd.
FITX just took a dip on lower volume, so I think it's just people taking profits after like five days of run-up.
Might be good to jump in tomorrow
You could probably get some random person on Craigslist to go take pictures of something.
They wouldn't even have to know what they were for.
Some guy gave a talk at Thotcon where he did that.
So maybe if there's like one up day with higher volume I'll jump into FITX.
I've got to think of some way to guess that the profit-taking is over and it's curling back up.
EAPH has been going down for three days but the rate was slower today.
E*TRADE
Looks like you can.
And their futures trading is in beta.
I did it in 2004-2005 and then was away for a long time.
Like web services?
dimaa I don't know much about networking.
Still getting over this cold.
Hasn't been bad.
But the Mucinex piss smell is STRONG.
I've heard of people having their sweat end up smelling like the pills while they are on it.
Hey man.
I'm thinking of going ballhead even though I'm starting to be able to jizz better again.
(I suspected the finasteride I was taking for hair loss was doing that.)
My shots were really weak for a while.
Well, it is prostate medicine, that was the original purpose.
But I have a pretty nicely-shaped head, maybe I should show it off.
I guess minoxydil was something else too and they found it was making people hairy.
They should have been a lot more popular than they were, they had a really neat sound.
It was like disco + heavy metal + industrial rock and a few other things that sounded cool together.
 + a lot of the songs have really funny lyrics.
Like they're about all this funny nightlife stuff.
You might remember that; it's them doing punk rawk.
That's back when all videos on the web had that bad of a resolution.
Actually I think that's a fan one.
Because the original is about another president
The people in that Kindle commercial where they go and show it to some people on the street remind me of "NPR Listener Considering Bose Wave Radio purchase".
hot cock sauce
Hey that reminds me of a disgusting story I saw yesterday on /b/.
Some guy, his wife would give him one blow job a year on Valentine's Day.
She didn't like doing it but whatever, he got one once a year.
So he started being passive-aggressive and not showering for two or three days beforehand.
So they go out to this restaurant on Valentine's Day, and I guess he had put some extra cloth down there to hide the smell.
And they're driving, and he smells something bad.
And he's like wondering if it's him, but he goes to the bathroom and it goes away.
And I guess his wife went and did the same thing that year.
Even the waitress could smell it, they could tell, then she wanted to 69 and he was disgusted but stuck it out.
Then they had a conversation about hygeine later and he admitted what he did and was laughing.
BaristaTam
She got pissed anyways, and actually went and told his mother, and his mother got pissed at him for doing it.
(The end.)
She's kind-of a big deal.
Dude
I forgot calculus like less than a month after I graduated.
I had to do some for an interview in November.
Then, before I left school, I got in an accident and had to go back to Ann Arbor to court.
So I stayed at Zomby's apartment, this was in January.
He asked some question about it and I tried thinking for a few seconds, and like, I just kind-of let that mental diligence go and fade and be like "I don't know".
Ha ha
Did I tell you the story about the group work for diff eq?
We had to do group work in this group of three where we were supposed to use Maple for part of it.
We were going through the steps and the numbers at the intermediate stages were getting weirder and weirder.
Wow
So for some reason we thought we could go to office hours and clear this problem up, and I think we knew it was due at the next lecture but for some reason we thought we'd still get partial credit.
We go to the office hours and the guy's like "you can't turn this in late.  I went over the answers in the lecture."
And then he's like.
"You know, if you're going to skip class, you should send at least one person from your group to the lecture.  I took this problem off of the homework."
So we're properly shamed.
I think I even had my head in my hands, all three of us were like "oh no..."
But then...
He felt he had to rub it in or something.
"I don't know, when I was in college the engineering students were the best students."
I got pissed, because that was unnecessary.
So I just told him the truth.
"Math is the first class we skip because it's all in the book anyways."
His lips curled in for a second, and uncurled just as quickly.
Then it just became like "well, you should really come to class...."
I sometimes wonder if there's these young women in their early twenties somewhere, maybe in the BDSM community or something, who have a fetish for hooking up with a slovenly middle-age guy.
I guess the only thing you'd need to establish is that you wouldn't get attached or be all beta and clingy.
I think this is worth posting every now and then
Like once a year.
I was just sittin' there
Havin' a drink
EATIN' DINNER
lol
Yeah I can't think of a cat that doesn't like box tops.
I went to go piss at Clarke's once, and all of a sudden felt this burning in my nose that lasted well into when I left the bathroom.
And I wondered if it was bleach they put in the urinal + ammonia from my piss.
Like I could smell it even when I left, I was like WTF, it was really harsh.
Maybe it was just ammonia that was already in there.
I like Nagios because it sounds like the name of a good Greek restaurant.
Are you the same James that was "James at 16", only you are 100 now?
I haven't even looked out the window.
Ah.
Were you the one I told about how the yellow line was my favorite for scenic routes?
There's this one part of it where it goes through some forested area and past a pond and it doesn't seem like the city at all.
There abouts.
Probably not as cool in the winter with no leaves on the trees though.
Actually that's kind of neat, you can keep following the line north on the map and see where there used to be tracks after where the current line ends, and see how the lots and the buildings were shaped around it even though it's not there anymore.
That's got some cool stuff about discontinued lines like the Stockyards line and all that.
I used to be fascinated by maps and how cities develop and stuff when I was a kid, and how the architectural styles would reflect when neighborhoods and things were built.
It's probably some mild autism that also helped me want to become a programmer.
Hey beekor.
beekor do you think you are a mild sperglord too?
I heard somewhere that a lot of programmers have mild autism.
And I was just talking about
<CrazyMug> I used to be fascinated by maps and how cities develop and stuff when I was a kid, and how the architectural styles would reflect when neighborhoods and things were built.
I'd spend all this time staring at maps.
And wanting to see what the neighborhoods look like.
dimaa
They'd use them to transport their own stuff and move cars around between lines but there wasn't regular passenger traffic on it.
Every now and then you'll see a frieght car running around too.
That line looked cool too, that's a long ways out.
Oh here's something you'd like
dimaa
Well, Pumping Station
PS
I rarely go so I'm more of a "benefactor" ha.
I'll probably start going again when things settle at work.  Even if I don't go often I still pay yearly because I /believe/ in it.
In 2011 I made the dick move of being the only one to vote against the reduction in quorum, and then disappearing for five months.
Gotta do what you gotta do.
SUPER OLD
LIKE WHEN-I-WAS-IN-COLLEGE OLD
Man I'm so cozy just sitting around on a three-day weekend I want it to be a snow day tomorrow.
And I bet she was confused why she was yelling, and confused why she got yelled at thirty years before.
Aunt?
I guess now is a time as good as any other to post the article yet again.
ZombyWoof said that this was the first picture he had seen of a naked woman
YOU CAN'T UN-READ IT THOUGH.
ACTION uses the on-board card.
Cultist why not just get a little electric grill like the george foreman grill and you can use it for steaks and stuff too.
This is my favorite face-swap
I just wait until it breaks lol.
I got new machines in...
1997 (just out of college)
2000 (I think I just wanted this one)
2002 (wanted to run Reason)
2005 (I can't remember, think the last one broke)
2009 (got infected with a rootkit)
2011 (the 2009 was some shitty Atom box that was just to tide me over)
Weird seeing the bungalows look like some pre-fab new neighborhood out somewhere in Lake County or something, but I guess they had to be new sometime.
In a discussion about GMO crops
Eh.
ALPHA AS FUCK.
Yeah, more people die here than in Iraq or something.
>Inkster MI
lol
That's where that theater is that you pass by going into Detroit.
Or was.
Actually they probably destroyed a bunch of tax revenue when they tore it down.
Just because it was covered in jizz all over?  Come on.
I've been to Flint and Detroit too.  And Harvey IL.
DarkGhost - I'm guessing you're in Ann Arbor?
Oh.  I went to UM
I saw one at a kiosk at Orland Square.
I forgot
EAPH shot up and I was there for the ride.
FITX too
I think I just about have my money back that I lost on KGET and PHOT
Yeah because of that pussy cream
I wanna go on the message boards and keep calling it that.
One of their products is some pussy cream, no kidding.
It's supposed to give it elasticity and moisture.
VIORRA
That's what it's called.
It's like VIAGRO, except it's VIORRA.
Well they say that the pussy cream is going to be in stores.
Yeah, or "Lover's Playground".
Not "Lover's Lane", but the "Lover's Playground" chain of porn shops.
Cultist can't you see we're talking about things of utmost importance here??!!
Oh the bitcoin thing?
I've gotta find me a MILF teacher and be like "hey you gotta pay me" the next morning.
I read this personal finance book and it's like, well you could keep track of your finances, or you could just spend as little as possible on everything.
Yeah
EVERYBODY'S TALKIN' AT ME
I DON"T HEAR A WORD THEIR SAYING
JUST THE ECHOES OF MY MIND
I'M GOING WHERE THE SUN KEEPS SHINING
THROUGH THE POURING RAIN
I don't know the rest.
But Paul Oakenfold's "Starry-Eyed Surprise" samples it.
Hey how do you update that?
I noticed it doesn't have /biz/ in it and I wonder if there's a new version.
They slowed it down a lot in the smaple.
Oh wow.
I didn't notice this.
Interesting symbolism @ 0
You're in college?
There was some guy around the corner from me in the dorm who'd stay up all night on IRC and sleep all day and not go to classes.
No I'm almost 40.
Actually there was one when I was in college and he had the ladies around him.
He was more like 50 actually.
Oh hey how much is pot nowadays?
Someone was saying FITX was going to sell it for $8 an ounce.
A company that wants to grow medical marijuana.
Ah that makes more sense.
This guy at work who also bought FITX a while ago was saying $8/ounce I was like WUT
See it's been so long for me that we didn't even do grams.
1/8th
I paid $45 for 1/8th back in like 1993/1994 did I get ripped off?
$72.55 over 20 years
Hmmm
Zomby went somewhere where they had grow-lights set up in a barn and a whole trash bag full of it once, grabbed about a lid and we smoked for a long time.
I think that was just dying out then.
Like people whose parents smoked it used it
They did it for the lulz.
Many of the scientists involved in Unit 731 went on to prominent careers in post-war politics, academia, business, and medicine. 
I bet you'd be pretty bad-ass after all that.
Eh
lol
I had this weird nap on Sunday, didn't even fall asleep but it just felt like I'd been laying there way longer than twenty minutes.
I lost over half of what I made yesterday.
But I'm still in.
Pussy cream went down 15%.
The big barn only went down 4.08%.
I'm in FITX too (the big barn).
EAPH went up to $9 something before.
They were $7 something yesterday.
and FITX was $10 something
or rather
.07 and .10
Oh
Yeah I don't know
You look at their historical prices and they're insane sometimes
Like if a biotech had a patent way long ago.
Well
Let me take a look at something.
EAPH was at about half the volume.
Half the 10-day average.
About half of what it did yesterday too.
It's higher than yesterday's open.
I'm thinking it's just profit-taking after yesterday.
So I'm not worried about it.
Plus the market cap is still really low.
I think that pussy creme alone would make it a cheap buy.
Ha
I wonder how much the China Shrink Cream makes.
FITX, I think they are the primo pot grower so far, so I'm not worried about that either.  Plus that was only a 4 or 5 percent drop.
Oh it is here.
That's how I knew it exists.
dimaa it's supposed to shrink the pussy.
You know who's going to be rich?
The person who invents a Post-It-type adhesive that can stick to the pussy walls and be taken down just as easily, so you can stick something like this textured silicone "wallpaper" up in there.
Or really you could get a better female condom out of that.
Not one of those ones with the metal ring (did they even give up on those yet).
Yeah I think you're right.
It will go over as well as prosthetic penis extensions of you do that.
Neither that strap on that goes on your chin.
The dudes that made /Bumfights/ paid some guys to go around with one of those.
I wonder what the Thanksgiving after something like that is published is like.
Like at Stephen King's house.
You know what's crazy that like, I've never heard of, but maybe I'm not looking?
Like wannabe Internet radio shock-jocks.
You'd think there'd be a few of them.
Yeah.
Ha
I keep thinking of that Howard Stern parody of them.
The Backside Boys
What's that?
Dude do you use Maven?
It's a build tool, but they don't like you to call it that.
I don't like anything where there's a bunch of default behavior and you have to spread files all over the place.
I guess I don't like to have to consult a  bunch of places to find out what it's going to do, that's the thing.
Kind-of.
You're supposed to have your dependencies in a repository that it gets from.
But it's not just that, it's like, every task you do with it has a bunch of defaults.
It's "opinionated".
Like it assumes you've structured your directories a certain way unless you tell it otherwise.
But you have to go look that up.
I think I don't like it for the same reason I don't like dynamically-typed languates.
OK I better get to bed see you later
I like how in California, the restaurant has a letter grade posted in front for their health inspectino.
I think so.
Might be.
They might not even do it anymore as I haven't been out there since 2001.
Were you in the navy?
Oh.
Did you see things like Thai women shoot bananas out of their pussy?
I knew this guy in the Navy who saw all sorts of things like that.
Ha
I read this guy's travel blog where he'd do crazy stuff, and he had an article about it.
It was really disturbing because like, I guess the donkey is drugged to all fuck, two guys drag it out and hold it upside down by it's legs and some unhealthy-looking woman comes out and gets on it.
Ha
grill cheese
Wasn't she making like $300,000 a year in alimony?
Hey
I wonder if you could ruin IRC by making a Facebook app that connects to here or EFnet.
--- Users on #cebu
How the times change.
dimaa, like 15 years ago there were a ton of young filipina women looking to be mail-order brides on IRC.
They'd send you e-cards and stuff if you chatted with them once.
"Glad we're friends"
beekor I can't believe you thought that bar in the phillipines was creepy.
Ha yeah.
Because no matter how old and out of shape someone gets they can always go there.
For filipina 20 year-olds.
Yeah I get those too, they don't give a fuck about the do not call list.
I get those shoddy fundraisers too.
For the fire department and stuff.
What I heard is this
They go up to the fire department/police or whatever and say, hey, do you want us to do a fundraiser for you?  It will cost you nothing!
And they're like "OK" because it's free money.
So the fundraisers keep like 80% and give out 20%.
I found they won't take you off the list if you ask so they'll do their pitch and I'll be like "oh hey that's great, hold on..." and put the phone down and not come back.
Someone waited like seven minutes once.
Oh and they called back and I did it again lol.
They were like "ha, you forgot to come back" and I was like "oh, sorry, hold on"
She probably will, I get those maybe once every two weeks.
When I was a kid we wrote down the numbers of a few pay phones and then I noticed that the last four digits were 98XX.
So I went and called all hundred and asked people where the phones were.
32,000 Tweets and following all those people
2000+
She got fired for that incident but I could see how she'd have trouble keeping a job if she's on Twitter so much.
Hey.
OF COURSE.
BECAUSE EVERYONE IS AFRAID TO BE AROUND YOU.
My theory is that she needs a job, and is trying to bait people into attacking her again to get attention so someone will step up and help her out.
For instance
Then.
And she seems to be trying to specifically get people on 4chan to do it
Ha I didn't see the response on that one
Hey beekur
Hey I'm out.
EAPH and FITX, sold it
I used to bang the fucken window of the 6 bus.
And cause people to wonder who the fuck that was.
Ha
Did you guys like ever wonder about that after that?
Like five days later be like "I'm still wondering who the fuck that was?"
I normally don't post porn in here because I don't know everyone.
What I fear is that there could be somebody from the Ashcroft and they'd be like "you posted porn in a channel where one of our agents was posing as a 17 year-old" and I'd be like "but they didn't tell me, and they weren't really anyways" and they'd be like "yeah, but if you would have asked he would have said he was even if it was a lie".
I don't know abut "The Ashcroft" != "Ashcroft".
Ha
That's why you don't ride in the back of a truck.
Dang dude some of them lived
beekur
We should have our own beta/cringe thread right here.
I wonder if his blog is up somewhere.
The one where he'd whine about his ex not calling him and giving him an explanation for breaking up with him.
I'm actually a little more on the job bank organizer's side, though she should have known what someone could do with her emails.
I've had the theme from /Fame/ running through my head for two days.
BABY LOOK AT ME
AND TELL ME WHAT YOU SEE
YOU AIN'T SEEN THE BEST OF BEEK YET
GIVE HIM TIME HE'LL MAKE YOU FORGET THE REST
beekur I lol that you are a chill guy but you like to watch people beat each other up.
I guess people don't expect that of me either though.
I don't go out seeking it but whenever I'm in a situation where I have to defend myself I try to internally visualize myself as getting really excited to be about to get in a fight, and I think this shows in my affect and thus the other person has always stepped away.
It's like method acting ha ha. 
Like I picture myself as getting all giddy about it and I think they see my eyes light up and a smile and they think "ok, I don't want to start this".
I think it was yesterday, I was thinking about how if someone comes to me with some conspiracy theory that involves their secret knowledge being surpressed for some reason that doesn't make sense for them to surpress it, to havea  ten-minute-long story about a similar (but imagined) plot against something I "know to be true" and I how found out that they are trying to do that to me.
And have it be all long and winding.
Something where I'd keep having to go "I'll get to that part" throughout it.
Ha ha ha ha 
I just thought of something.
You know how people often interject a quote from some leader into their discussion of these things?
Like Ghandi saying "First they laugh at you..." etcetera?
What if I spent about an hour mining old /Hi and Lois/ comic strips for such a quote from one of the characters, then maybe one from /Fox Trot/, and make a pattern of getting all this philosophy from mediocre funnies.
I'm told this is a fetish.
Like of the thin partner.
Like they enjoy feeding the larger partner.
beekur
I see a raid going on
I don't ever participate (except one time with Battletoads lol), but they're interesting to watch, how they figure out things.
I did look up the EXIF data from the picture when the earlier thread was up but there wasn't anybody.
If there was, I might have at least called the Subway because fuck people pissing in your olive oil.
Yeah you could say that.
Yeah.
People at Dollar Tree across the street confirming that the cops are there lol.
lol
oldie but goldie
You probably found the new thread
Yeah it's like a scrapbook of the end of that guy's life.
That's fucked up to think about; I saw the first thread when someone just picked up the tweet about the oil, a few hours later he's in jail ha ha.
chiburbs
Even on Undernet there was "no location-based handles".
chiburbs
Even going so far as accusing her of emailing links to the blog to her friends to laugh at.
He could tell by the referral links or something.
We are all still shaken by this man.
The entitlement began from being from one of the most wealthy families in all of Omaha.
It was before fedoras were invented so we didn't see it coming.
Ha
He had very pretty eyes.
So like
He went out with this girl who seemed to be a little out of his league.
He was very proud of this.
Then she dumped him without explaining why.
This really upset him as he felt he was entitled to an explanation.
So he started posting on his blog saying "I know you read this, you need to give me an explanation".
And talking about how he'd think of her.
Eventually she started emailing her friends links to the blog and he could tell so he started going "I know you email the links to your friends".
Normally I'd just think that was pathetic and feel pity, but at the same time he were at emnity and he was trying to get other people to ban me because he knew if he did it himself it would mean either a trip to Dunkin' Donuts, or a missed appointment at Dunkin' Donuts which would be worse.
I actually did eventually get banned but it was for fucking with basis.
If you were to see her today and were just hanging out, would she make the face like this
Unable to hide her passion and lust.
You know she does look wasted on talk shows
Oh ha ha
@1
or @2
I wonder if this is why they portray Barry Gibb as a jerk on SNL
I guess he didn't like him cracking little stupid jokes.
Reddit really looks ugly.
It's just the layout I don't like, and the fonts and stuff.
Someone did another shoop of the Coke bottle overflowing
beekur
Pussy cream went way up today.
9>tfw I have no shares.
But I made some more on FITX.
Or actually it increased "elasticity".
We talk about penny stocks, mostly related to marijuana.
It's funny to think, you could do that, and keep calling it "pussy cream, it's for your pussy" and people wouldn't know what the fuck to do.
The tightening cream is much less reputable
Ha, little bits of it.
All the adults vaporize, right?
"China Shrink’s key ingredient is Alum."
FIIIIIGARO
FIIIIIGARO
Figaro figarofigarofigarofigaro
You know, maybe they used that in the 30s-50s or whatever when Bugs Bunny cartoons were out.
And that thing about alum shrinking your head was like, the closest they could put as a dirty joke in there.
Cuz there was some stuff out back then.
Ah, is that from /Night of the Comet/?
If you ever want to watch a funny b-movie, /Blue Sunshine/.
But don't read anything about it beforehand.
It's better if you're surprised.
Unintentionally.
Yeah.
And the extras are funny too.
Ha
My stepmother gave me the DVD.
More stuff came out.
That sounds like something you could buy at Aji Ichiban in Chinatown.
Lots of dried fruits and roots and stuff.
Man, someone posted an infographic once on /b/ about how to live out of your car, and they specifically said that you should have a project to do every day.
My dad is about to retired in like a month and is like "I'm just going to take the first year easy and not make any plans" and I'm like "uuuuh..."
It's gonna turn into two or five or whatever.
You should renew his Hustler.com subscription.
Didn't she talk about going to Duke on her video?
It would seem that there wan't much "outing" to do.
Aurora Snow was going to college and working too but didn't make a big deal out of it.
I think what I'll do today is walk around and dump unfinished tasks into my list for like two hours.
And get that feeling like "OK, it's all on the list so I don't have to wander around wondering what to do next, there's something I can do right now".
Now how could I tell that that jacket was gonna be the thing to fuck him up.
Oh beek did I tell you?  i got in and out of  FITX again.
Made like 25% or something.
I'm trying to follow "rules" now.
Like this
1.  If the stock goes down 10%, cut losses and sell.
2.  For every 5% it rises, raise that lower limit up 5%.
I came up with an idea for a movie years ago, but then I saw /Astronaut Farmer/ and thought that people would think I was just copying that.
It's about this guy who retires, and he's kind-of old, and he keeps talking about he's had this dream which he's never followed.
And he never really says what it is.
And his children, who are adults now, don't either, but they encourage him to follow it anyways.
And you see him working in his basement but you don't know what it's about.
And then one day he runs into this Walgreen's in an urban downtown area.
And starts putting porno mags on the magazine rack.
Giggling wildly.
And runs to the candy aisle and grabs armfuls of candy, with the store employees now in pursuit.
Then he runs out and blasts off in a jet pack on top of some building.
See this would be feature-length, and most of it would be about as earnest-looking as /On Golden Pond/ or some other such movie.
And the end sequence might be set to that Bee Gee's song I posted the other day
Fuck dude there's way too many of those coins.
No one really takes any other than Bitcoin either.
You know, I just saw a picture that reminds me of the proliferation of alternative crypto-currencies.
You know what I fucken feel like tonight?
One of those fucken "Hungry Man" meals.
The one with the chicken filets.
Or I saw this fucken fish and chips one too at Mariano's oh fuck.
Or if you still take a lot of drugs.
I will Kellee would come back.
She was a trip in person, when we'd hang out at Ranalli's.
That's cool.
Ha ha ha ha ha
That whole yumi thing was weird.
"We wanted to try having a baby first before we'd decide if we wanted to get married."
Do you think juicegirl got pregnant on purpose?
I suggested it to shravil once and it seemed that he hadn't considered it, but went like "yeah, she might've".
I wonder how Antisoshal is doing.
I rarely go out, so I don't have much news along those lines.
I go to work...go on IRC...do a little bit of stock trading...
But dimaa, the post office takes pictures of every single letter and all that.
Go call them and see if they can do anything about it.
Maybe someone wants your apartment.
Or your landlord wants to rent it to someone else, or sell the building.
Is it in a nice location?
I think there's some huge postal facility in Carol Stream because I see it stamped on a lot of things.
Hmmm, that didn't work.
I'd go to the police with that.
I actually wouldn't tell your landlord first.
Maybe someone wants more money.
Actually do this - are you in Chicago?
There's a tenant's union.
They might know some fucked-up things about this kind of thing.
If it is indeed some ploy to get you to move.
There might be some way to socially engineer your approach to your landlord to find out if they did it, but I can't think of it.
Like without even accusing them.
Or you could ask other people in your building.
If you can find two people with misspelled names that got them that would be an interesting twist.
Is that all that it said?
dimaa
You got a copy of your lease
?
Check how the name is spelled.
Is there a security cam on the front door?
I'd go to the police first.
And the tenant's union.
dimaa how's it going with your fucked-up letter you recieved?
Have you ever seen the David Lynch film /Lost Highway/?
There was some really weird porn in the 50s and 60s.
Landover Baptist?
That's a satire site.
I remember one day waiting for the train in Kalamazoo, I walked over to a gas station that had a Chester Fried Chicken franchise.
That was really good.
Can't find it too much though.
D?
Dinner?
I think that jpg might be subtle pro-Adria propaganda because it implies that the reason people were upset was because of who she was rather than what she did.
It looks like she keeps trying to bait another attack too because she's also assuming that.
Really, it takes something pretty egregious to provoke that much anger.  There are some nihilists on /b/ would do it for the lulz but they are actually pretty rare.
Ha
beekur
CHECK OUT THE PUSSY CREAM
EAPH
Yeah @ .045
It's .0592
I bought today, around noon eastern maybe?
Yeah, something about them seeking more funding and getting ready to make a deal over MJ.
So I'm up 31.41% in one day.
13.3M lol
The other one I was eyeing was LATF
Maybe tomorrow.
LATF or EAPH?
Hmmmm...I'm thinking of doing my trailing stop strategy  and sell if it starts fallign after a rise.
Like every 5% it goes up I raise the stop (but O don't put in a real stop, just an alert to tell me to go sell it)
I guess if it goes back up to that high, I can buy again, and that's just like holding.
Or not quite, because I think I'd go back to the amount that I placed in the original investment.
Yeah
Yes.
I can't remember if I went ahead and did it, but I at least planned one to go along with this
It's his girlfriend.  For some reason he would attract these good-looking women.
Some 23 year-old chick hooked up with him, and then there was this other one who was like 19 who was fascinated with killers and stuff.
Like she'd write letters to them.
He's really interesting to troll
I just saw a recent article about her, so she's been looking for at least four more years, lol.
beekur
I'm out of pussy cream.
I made something like $500 some.
EAPH
A stock I've been in and out of a few times.
Sells some sort of cream that improves the moisture and elasticity of the vagina.
But that wasn't what got me interested in it; what got me insterested in it is that they want to do business in the medical marijuana industry.
That sounds like something from Japan.
Wow.
Someone should sue them for stealing the movie poster from /American Beauty/.
I should watch that movie now that I'm having my mid-life crisis.
9>you can buy five of those at once
around 40
I like to watch videos from Laci Green's YouTube channel and pretend she's like a horny version of Chelsea Clinton.
Did he give any reason why?
Was it a threat?
Oh beekur
I'm in LATF
@ .0085 (yes, it is less than 1 cent per share)
Hmmm.
I thought it was around 1.4 but I could be wrong.  Anyways it's low.
It sounds like they make pot brownies.
E*TRADE says 1.9M.
Yeah I just put a small amount in.
Planning on following the same rules though.
9>Planning
It 404'd to me too.
I remember not having a computer, because I remember wanting one.
At my elementary school in 1981 there was a school carnival, toss bean bags for prizes, stuff like that, and in the lobby they had the Commodore PETs they had just bought set up for people to look at and play with.
I thought they were SO FUCKEN COOL.
They had Lemonade and Oregon Trail and stuff on them.
Those were the ones, 4032s.
40 columns, 32K
Last stop before the Commodore 64.
My uncle got to borrow one of those to work on a project at DeVry.
Oh fuck yeah.
Yeah I wouldn't know that either.
Two and a half hours later.
NSFW BTW
Or wait
I mean LATF
That I sold at a loss
I think I bought it at like .85?  Or .82?
I mean .0085 rather
And sold at .0077
Yeah you can gamble too man.
Does that have any music by Journey in it?
I remember my first rock and roll cassette.  My uncle taped it for me by putting my Fisher-Price tape recorder in front of his stereo to make a copy of Journey /Escape/ on one side and REO Speedwagon /Hi Infidelity/ on the other.
People made fun of Jefferson Starship for their metal phase but I thought "Jane" was really rockin'.
Like they were better at being Foreigner than Foreigner was.
9>that would make her the fastest female runner ever
THE RHYTHM HAS THE POWER
TO MOVE ME
IT'S SOMETHING YOU CONTROL
COMPLETELY
I work with this dude who looks like Simon Le Bon so I get Duran Duran songs in my head like every morning.
80s
 /Seven and the Ragged Tiger/ era
You know, I seriously get this idea that he's one of those world leader militaristic guy who's in it for the pussy.
I don't know about the other two, but the one in the middle got these weird implants that basically stimulate the growth of your own tissue, only it keeps going on its own and you have to keep maintaining them and getting tissue removed or else all sorts of weird stuff happens.
Actually I was wrong, serum is produced rather than tissue.
But they still keep inflating.
dimaa how's the crazy letter front going?
Two times I've thrown $1000 at it and lost $100.
Yeah and I missed that big rise from like .0080 to .0114 or something.
I can't believe I'm seriously talking about trading a stock /that was less than one cent/.
I didn't know their financials were coming out because a lot of them don't have to commit to releasing them on a certain schedule like they do on NASDAQ or NYSE.
It's weird, but that red-scare era propaganda film is less sensationalistic than stuff you see on cable news channels today.
Are you satoned?
Cuz I fucken watched that finale video of Ray William Johnson where he talks about quitting his YouTube show and all that, and he went over like five or ten viral videos over the years that he thought were really funny or whatever.
And one of them was like, this rap from a kids' movie where they rap about pizza, only someone slowed it down and it sounds funny as fuck.
And I was like, that would have been something that would have cracked me up when I used to get stoned.
There you go man.
5m19s if it fucks up
I didn't really watch him much but he was on the front page of YouTube and it said it was the final episode so I wanted to see if it was some stupid reason like he started dating a porn star and attracted haters or something.
But it wasn't.
He just wanted to start something new.
I think the key to YouTube is just keep doing it.
Eventually you show up in related videos of a bunch of other videos, the more videos you have, the greater the chance.
Then you're famous, even if you're on there mostly being miserable like the "True Forced Loneliness" guy.
That guy ha.
This is what is meant by a DarkTwist
Yeah.
There's a worse one where some guy had shit all over his dick and accidentally posted it.
OK, NSFW (and gross)
He had a couple "outs" that he screwed up on too.
Like he immediately said he "uploaded" it; he could have blamed it on hackers.
"i think you need to re think your last comment"
Sometimes I wish I could draw.
ha
Did you get a chance to see the slo-mo video yesterday when you were satoned?
Ha
That's OK
It was just that section 
Did it FF for you
FF >>
<< RW
pause/cue
When I was a kid, fucking with tape recorders was one of my things.
I found out stuff like if you take the reels out and set it so the tape runs through upside-down, the magnetism still goes through the tape, so the tape recorder will play everything backwards.
And if you didn't quite press play all the way down, it would play fast.
And this would work with record, so you could record fast, so when you played it back normal, it would be slow.
And when you hit record, for a brief moment it wouldn't saturate the tape enough to record over what was there, so you could do a brief overdub.
Like I would sperg out about tape recorders.
lol dvitous
I'm actually on the Ukranians' side, but I'm a little infatuated with Natalya.
If you would hear it from ZombyWoof, he'd say it was the opposite.
But I'm not sure if he's really as sure of that as he thinks he is.
They had a kid.
Ha ha
Well.
If she really just wanted citizenship she could have just falsely accused him of beating her.
I guess you get fast-tracked if you do that.
Yeah I wonder if they thought of that.
It's kind-of weird that they put their news network over here.
I don't think there'll really be one.
Maybe another cold war.
But yeah I kinda saw through RT in that they'd give all these goofy conspiracy theory guys time on there.
Actually it would be interesting to hear what AnTiSoShAl has to say about all this.
You know, I realized too, that future generations will not know the fun of taking their music and playing them at the wrong speeds either.
Me and a friend of mine made an afternoon of that when I was like five or six.
Including his dad's Cheech and Chong record, before I realized what "no stems, no seeds, no things you don't need" even meant.
I'm thinking back on that too, and it's weird that we'd get to go all the way to each other's houses blocks away by ourselves, that was normal in 1979.
No, I grew up in the suburbs.
There was a persistent rumor/myth that one could actually drive to the erupting volcano in the background, up the side, into the crater and discover a castle inside.
And think about it, some kid just thought of that one day and decided to tell someone else.
Ha dude
Do you remember that SNL skit, it was actually a piece that wasn't live, but on film...
...and some guy goes to the doctor and the doctor's like "it's not good, you're going to die" and he's like "how long do I have left?" and the doctor is like "five, six minutes".
And he says he's going to go out and live, gets on the elevator, and some kid gets on and starts pressing every floor
I think of that when I think of kids doing stupid stuff.
I can't find it!
Ha.
I'm going to bed.
I mean, not right now.
But in an hour.
Ha
See I'm actually more tempted not to go, and to have her keep making offers like this over a period of months, and then finally meet me and be totally creeped out and awkward ha ha.
That is a nice picture.
You have very pretty eyes.
Somewhere in third quartile, yes.
Of the double digits.
<outsiders> I prefer people aren't kind to me
This is so edgy that it has to be the topic.
Oh fuck, that's going to be in the papers.
I am, for a few minutes.
"No time off for Florida Man."
I heard he got arrested at Walgreens yesterday.
Reckless eyeballin'.
Let a ho know.
In the YouTube clip she is presented with an article about the anime drawings.
Ha
My mom and dad had these agreements to divide up chores, and she'd do the shopping.
Except for one time when my dad did it, I don't remember why.
And he came back with all this "off-brand" stuff, it was hilarious.
My mom was disappointed.
It's like that stuff you see in dollar stores with weird brands?  Only there weren't dollar stores back then, and those weird brands were in normal stores.
Or like Aldi, there was no Aldi, so that stuff was there instead.
Then there was this for a couple years
Repo man
Oh not much.
See I would have thought that one with the lipstick was really haut with her makeup.
Were you there back when TenBaseT/CryptoCat got pissed at me for posting a porn link?
He was like WTF MAN I'M AT WORK.
But you could tell it was porn from the link.
And it was like 8pm when he doesn't work.
And he worked someplace where they probably don't want you using the Internet at all frivolously.
So later I was like hmmmm... 
I bet his wife b& him from looking at porn.
So I asked him and he wouldn't deny it.
To this day, even though he divorced and got a new wife.
One that lets him fuck her in the ass (he got on one day to tell us).
So the judge says "Mickey, I can't grant you a divorce from Minnie just because you think she's crazy."
And Mickey says "I didn't say that she was crazy, I said that she was fuckin' Goofy".
A couple was down on their luck and decided that the best way to get some money was to put the wife out on the street.
She came back and the husband asked "how did you do?"
She said "pretty good.  I made two hundred dollars and fifty cents."
He said "What jerk gave you fifty cents?"
She said "all of them."
I see that Belle Knox is on the front page of AEBN today.
And probably will be for a week or two.
HA HA AAAAAAAA
My suggestion
Dump it all into a list, figure out what the next thing to do is for each thing, and you'll have what to do next.
That.
BUT
You have to keep the lists updated.
Is the only thing.
And anything you want to do has to go into the inbox.
Otherwise some things are in your head and some things are on paper, and the things in your head will keep running around your head because that's how people normally remember things.
If I were interviewing you, my next question would be "OK.  Can you think of three more faults?"
lolol
People try to evade it by saying "I work too hard" which is supposed to be a "good" fault.
They might have one as a backup, so when I ask them for three they freak out.
Well, just make a committment to rethink the question once a week.
Worst comes to worst, you waste a week before getting a better answer
Which is better than putting it off because you won't have the perfect one now.
That book talks a lot about that, how your brain stalls at the magnitude of tasks or of what to do next.
So you basically just find the next thing to do, in order to get it unstuck and get you moving on tangible things.
I guess I'd just go for the next thing, if you can do that, you can do that, then go on to something harder.
Nah, it's OK.
Hey VVelox.
Did you happen to see anything like this yesterday?
Hey man.
Hey.
I was just walking around Old Town.
And I saw that the World-Famous Over 21 Store had closed.
And then I thought...they're probably all going to close soon.
Because they were just DVD rental stores, and people don't really do that anymore.
I wonder if we're going to end up with skanky porn stars, like in the eighties.
Whoever came up with that meme where they take the words written on Facebook and cut and paste them different sizes all over a picture is a genius.
It's just the cringe thread
beekur she is in this hip-hop video
9>182 views
I wonder if I've given it about five just now, or it's just counted as one.
Hmmmm...but it says 71 minutes, so that would be 284 views.
Unless it counts all that time people spend going from 0
beekur
Are you high?
I was just gonna have him look at this
When he's high.
I think it's a zoom lens that makes it look fucked up, because they make things look flat when they're zoomed in.
And the stuff that's not far behind them is all blurry, like you get from a zoom too.
Hey man.
That article is pretty much all stuff you've thought about/know, but it's interesting that the media is starting to pick up on mob justice on Twitter.
I just realized those weird ReCAPTCHAs are some April Fool's joke.
I thought it was some way to make it harder for them to be defeated through automation.
beekur did you ever find out where HUSH is?
?!
They make like $1000-$1500 a movie now.
That would be insane money to have as a porn star still.
There was some old azn dude on the bus once who had this shirt that was like "CHAMPION MUFF DIVER" or something on it.
rhys
Oh, he's not here.
Wait, he's not even on Freenode.
Never mind.
I was going to tell him that his friend Adria is participating in a Twitter chat about navigating abuse online.
Like what to do if someone takes your picture and gets you fired.
Like verbal abuse.
They are trying to do it 140 characters at a time.
And if you don't post anything...
I'm not supporting verbally abusing people, but if you look at what some of the people participating have done first and unprovoked, that they won't take responsibility for, you take what they say with a grain of salt.
I think you're a little man.
Ha
In college there was this tape going around named "Shut Up LIttle Man" which was these drunk old dudes arguing, and I had all these people in the EECS department using "little man" as an insult.
I was watching /Slacker/ a couple days ago, that part where they showed the (video) tape trader, and I miss that phenomenon where people would copy weird tapes like that and they'd get passed around and you really didn't know where they came from.
They'd travel around the dorms and stuff.
I had a friend who had a bootleg Jerky Boys before they got signed.
And no one really knows who did this, but it's been all over
Ha
Dude you know what would be good on top?
Some Stove Top stuffing
Really?
I could eat a whole fucken canister.
It's like, bread, boullion, onions, some spices.
I saw this pot pie at Wal*Mart that was like, filled with sausage gravy.
It seemed like it would be like 1500 calories, but I didn't check.
You remember those song parodies about programming that they'd have like twenty years ago?
A friend of mine wrote one about red-black trees.
Set to the tune of "The Ink Is Black, The Page Is White" by Three Dog Night.
There are more than I knew about at that site.
She spent six minutes as bananaTam.
What?
Ha
Benny who?
Ah ha ha ha ha
I don't remember hearing that song until they had that Jack FM station I think.
2009?
I probably did before then.
My mom used to listen to that mellow stuff with the phased guitar and electric piano like that when I was a kid.
On some "adult contemporary" station.
Stuff like this
Even when I was six years old I was like, what the fuck is wrong with that guy, how fucken pathetic.
FUCK YEAH
Dude, for some reason, when iTunes Music Store came out, that was one of the first songs I bought.
Yeah I think so.  I like the sound of it, it's just the lyrics were whiney.
Like I love electric piano, I looked into getting one but they're really expensive, even though they've started making them again.
Yeah.
Dude years ago, I went to Majestic Star Casino in Gary, and they announced that Little River Band was gonna play there, that would have been a show.
Fucken hit machine they were.
You can tell though, from their lyrics, and just the guy's demeanor, that the lead singer was probably some guy that was just short of alpha and had some sort of hard-edged motivational philosophy and probably spent all his years on the stage being disappointed at everyone he could get to be in his bad.
But I may be reading too much into it.
Like he's got this constant look on his face, this ready posture, like he's going to "tell you about that thing you just did that you should never do again".
Haaa
aaadasf
dsf
The best part of that, is that I can't tell if it's an addendum to what you just said, or what I just said.
Dude
I was sitting at Subway near Columbia College today
And across the street there was a restaurant called Thai Spoon.
Only a post was blocking the sign and it looked like it said THAI POON.
I took a picture of it and sent Zomby this fresh OC.
And I found that 
AIDS
they sell AIDS
And I found that NO ONE ELSE ON THE INTERNET HAD NOTICED THAT.
I figured there'd be at least two references to it per ANAL BEAD NATION
tjoes
I was trying to find some THAI POON.
Fuck I better get to bed.
I'm not on OKC
If I was, it would probably be to troll.
I have a feeling that that would end in two hundred "pls respond"s
Fuck, I REALLY BETTER get tobed
night
Hey beekur.
There's something about Chicago where things get better to a point and then stay at some non-completely good level.
What I don't understand is why the NSA doesn't spy on the gangs and bust them up.
don't let crazy dock with you
Oh and beekur I saw this thing about the first moon landing, and I guess some of the chatter before they land has to do with the fact that they wrote this multitasking OS for the onboard computer, and some error code appeared that indicated that it had too many things to do and was skipping some tasks, only they hadn't put in any code to indicate which tasks it was skipping.
Things like that make me wish I could draw much better.
beekur I feel guilty because I saw this short old lady at the grocery store and the first thing I thought of was spinning her around.
I think it's mean, I feel sorry for the old lady and everything, but at the same time I just lost it because she looks like a garden gnome.
This is what we're talking about mik3
Plus I spend too much time on /b/.
Ah ok
"Maybe she was wet and they were drying her?"
XD
YOU SPIN ME RIGHT ROUND BABY RIGHT ROUND LIKE A RECORD BABY RIGHT ROUND ROUND ROUND
beekur I know you own a copy of /Rip It Up/.
Oh fuck, someone else had the same idea
Yeah like
9>inb4 this becomes a meme
I'm still trying to wrap my head around the idea that a couple of guys in an alley in Romania can send something out to the whole world.
Like how much different that is compared to when I was in high school and had to take a bunch of classes in order to use the public access channel equipment and put a video of my friend's band up, where less than 100 people would end up seeing it (if even 20).
I'm surprised there aren't message boards or some other type of web site out there where people offer to help with homework for money.
You could set it up like Chaturbate, only it's like homework.
So does sEn^.
I thought he had gotten married?  Or am I incorrect?
Have you talked to him lately?
The one I really want to know about is HUSH.
You're in Chicago.
With all these restaurants.
And you want to go to Denny's?
I guess not that many are open late.
I've been there once.
I used to go to the Norridge one a lot, also on Harlem.
There's one on Roosevelt I think.
Near(er) to Oakbrook.
I used to live in Westmont.
If I recall correctly, the Oak Park one is laid out like this one
(It's loud.)
1.65 million views.  If that were a novel, that would be a lot of copies.  It would even be a decent share of a television show.  And it's just some Denny's fight.
TBK
Taco Burrito King?
My fucken favorite fast food place
is Long John Silver's
And most of my life I wasn't really into seafood, until about two years and so ago.
There's actually one near the Oak Park Denny's but it's probably not open this late.
Fish & chips is my thing there, I actually like theirs better than Duke of Perth and all that.
Even if the fish is cut into patties of geometric shapes.
The Long John Silver's at 87th and Cicero is attached to an A&W.
beekor
this is crazy
This Japanese woman sounds just like Karen Carpenter
Are you still talking about Denny's?
In the city
I'm going to bed though
ah
I'm not far from dowtown
?
webm must be really good at compression.
That's the kind of stuff I used to watch as a kid and get fascinated by.
Like I wanted to meet all the eccentric people who'd put stuff on public access.
And eventually I got involved and put some videos up myself.
Friends' bands and stuff.
So is someone making a GIF nostalgia thread already?
I remember HEMI posted some thread that was going around the car forums.
And it was like, some guy on this Mustang forum got busted in one of those /To Catch A Predator/ episodes, and the Mustang that he'd talk about was parked outside while the cops were arresting him.
Hey man.
9>University of Connecticut officials have suspended a sorority as they investigate allegations that its members forced men to drink booze, eat dog treats, paint their bodies, wear women's underwear and take alcohol shots off each other's bodies.
Hey man.
Just got back from Subway.
And eating a Subway Club.
Nah, too many carbs.  6" with double meat.
I'm not on Atkins; I'm on (prescribed) steroids which makes your blood sugar spike.
I think tonight, due to all the goofy stuff going on in the former Soviet Union, that I'll put together a mix for all the millenials in the audience.
Because I heard we're at DEFCON 4 now.
No lol
I didn't even know about it.
I'm so out of it.
Was that even in Chicago though?
Ha or
If u gotta ask....
....you need to l2Google
9>tfw so old I remember a magazine using the real meaning of "hacker"
Oh fuck yeah!
Page 26!
I actually thought that /Enter/ came out earlier than that.
Did he call her a "mundane noodle"?
Someone broke 4chan.
The CAPTCHA doesn't work.
moonlilies
You know, raw foods actually sounds interesting
Because I bet it would help you get your sodium actually down to 2500mg like you're supposed to have.
As well as basically get you to eat a lot of vegetables
What's up.  Paul McCartney died.
According to /b/.
This would be their favorite Beatles album cover
The brashest "Louie Louie"
My favorite "Louie Louie", and one of the ones that the more-famous Kingsmen version was based on
It's funny that the Kingsmen got investigated for obscenity when there were at least three versions before theirs where you could hear the lyrics.
But...they missed the fact that someone yells "FUCK!" in the background of the Kingsmen version, and if I pointed it out to you, you'd couldn't un-hear it.
Aw man
I was about to say
IT MAKES ME FEEL MAKES ME FEEL
BACK ON THE GROUND
SUAREZ!
SUAREZ!
For some reason I'm in the mood for this today
You're in town or something?  Or just got back?
One day, a farmer had a chicken who jumped the fence into the next farm.
Actually, I got that wrong.
Tosh?
Oh fuck man.
Those pictures of the postage stamps on that video, if you cross your eyes and make them merge, it looks more 3D for some reason.
And have made like 11% since like Wednesday or Thursday.
You know, I don't think she really would have made it into porn if she hadn't agreed to do that really rough scene first.
I don't think she could have continued without the infamy of the scandal eitehr.
Even if she didn't out herself.
Belle Knox
She goes to Duke but is a porn star.
Well she was on a fuckton of interview shows.
There's been other college student porn stars too, they just haven't played it up as uch.
But you get a lot out of doing mainstream media appearances.
It's like how Jenna Jameson was the most well-known even though she relatively didn't do that many movies.
Did you see when she was on /b/?
Yeah.
She wanted docx on someone who ripped her off.
She showed tits and ass but it's like, well that's nothing new.
Pussy creme went up again ha ha
I've made like 24% or something
My heart rate is 76.
Pretty good considering my resting was once like 120 or something.
I think she's insecure about taking the handout and wants more assurance that it's OK and you're not giving it grudgingly.
I just read the backlog.
jbk said he was giving some girl $200?
But yeah, could just be an excuse not to go for other reasons.
I'd just be like "OK, fine" too.
I've been making money off of a company that makes vaginal cream.
No.  Just trade the stock.
I wonder if there's a "slum" somewhere in SV.
One that's still not that bad.
Kind of like Westmont is for Du Page County.
I remember my college had a Silicon Graphics box and we were messing with it, it had some game named "ant" on it.
Which is funny, because now there's that utility "ant".
I had a friend who worked at SG.  Don't know if he bailed before they went out of business though.
Hey
How big is that place now?
I was thinking about getting "dual citizenship" between the two Chicago spaces.
beekor
I'm got out of EAPH
But I made like $300-$400.
I found a better spinning granny remix.
And I decided that /Rip It Up/ is my favorite electronic album by a single act.
Who else can get away with making a greatest hits album based on only two albums.
Hi icarusthecow
Because you missed it
Best version I've seen.
Pete Burns has gotten pretty #rekt by plastic surgery.
WORSE.
1985
2009
He likes to show them off in public because he technically can.
Which is pretty funny, actually.
Like that.
Wonder Woman's weapon is a lasso.
Interesting.
Now that song's got me hyper when I'm supposed to go to bed.
Going to Thotcon tomorrow.
I still think whoever did that Target ad was a /b/tard.
It's like, Spider Man is coming to ruin their Halloween for dressing in lame Disney costumes.
Like a Spider Man thread.
And who really used those plastic jack-o-lanterns.
Not enough room for a run through my neighborhood.
We had these kids two doors down who'd go out at like, 4
And not hand out candy themselves.
They'd show up and it would be after school and my mom and dad wouldn't even be home yet and I'd be like wut.
I wouldn't even know where our candy was.
Dude, me and my friends would go out up until I was like 13.
Maybe even 14.
And one year we made this agreement, "if anyone comes to the door with a mask, let's act like we're scared and run away".
And so we're standing there, ring the bell, and someone comes around the corner and pulls this over their face
We're like "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Ha ha they ended up on their porch looking around trying to figure out WTF happened
beekor I've heard of that strategy before, issuing a fake press release from a company apologizing for something.
And then they have to come out and say that they aren't sorry.
Yeah, it was the Yes Men.
They've handed out fake newspapers too.
They were on the 2600 radio show.
I missed it.
Man I better get to bed - see you man
!
Dude, I'll talk to you in /msg.
Ha
question
I mean
quastion
You must have ran into the same guy.
I've wondered how much I could make, as slovenly as I can look.
I was on the bus yesterday and some woman had her kid go to the back, sit down, and start asking people next to him for money.
Yeah, I had one guy I'd give to regularly, and I could tell that was a mistake, especially since in Chicago you can go to the hospital or police station and they'll find you somewhere.
Yeah, they find another shelter
But that's been around since the 1900s
When I picture bars in small towns they look like this
That song is unfortunate.
Because a "big log" is supposed to mean a long trip (to a trucker, who has to keep logs).
But you just think of a big log of shit.
PING 1398496092641694
VVelox
Missed you at Thotcon.
But you didn't go last year, did you?
I honestly didn't pay much attention.
I thought the talk about how you can read the mag stripe on bus passes was neat, but who needs an entire talk to find out that those mag-stripe readers are really cheap and the mag-stripes are fairly standardized.
There was another talk like that during Thotcon 0x1 that was like that, where I learned one thing that I probably wouldn't have otherwise, but that was the only thing.
And that was...
802.11a was still in wide use at warehouses...like inventory equipment standardized on it.
Oh by the way, I'll meet you across the street to tell you something else I heard.
Oh, beekor
Turkey's done.
404?
Maybe your DNS is down.
JohnMurdoch did you ever play that wacky trick where you drive underneath an 18-wheeler truck with your Fiero?
House got BTFO.
9>tfw I missed the drama
I'm trying to guess it based on what's been said, and my guess is that someone came in and said
Hey Faggots,
My name is John, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day looking at stupid ass pictures. You are everything bad in the world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any pussy? I mean, I guess it’s fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook.
Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best shot. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the football team, and starter on my basketball team. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to naked drawn Japanese people”? I also get straight A’s, and have a banging hot girlfriend (She just blew me; Shit was SO cash). You are all faggots who should just kill yourselves. Thanks for listening.
Pic Related
O
But that's totally based on the Jersey Shore reference.
I did my own rendition of "shit was so cash" based on
That's weird-looking but when you think about it that's probably what every cat looks like it when they're ready to pounce.
We just rarely get to see it from that angle
But dimaa you can greentext in X-Chat by right clicking the text box and it has an "Insert Color Code" menu.
Hey man.
Who's got the donut cock spindle?
There used to be an old joke (remember "jokes"?) that ended "...and it looked so good that I ate it myself."
One of the last jokes I remember hearing was four years ago, about the 2010 Wintery Olympics.
Do you want to hear it?
(I just typed "Wintery", lol.)
Is anyone out there a fan of Tool?
Hey man.
I think I'm in full mid-life crisis mode, because I keep going over all this stuff that happened in the past.
Like seriously, going over narratives and finding themes, it's weird.
Like looking back and going, oh ,that's when I did that again, and it fucked me up that time too.
Years ago I read this book that suggested going and looking at your life in five-year increments and writing about what you were going through then, and that you'll notice all this stuff, and I did when I looked at that, but I got to like five years old and noticed all this stuff that was still a product of that today and never went beyond that.
Now I'm kind of doing this mentally, but in finer increments.
Plus this morning in the midst of it I had one of those moments where you wake up and think, man, how did I get here?  What have I been doing all this time?
But waking up prematurely.
Started humming a tune from 1992.
(No, I didn't.)
But the part about waking up I did.
It's not really like that, it's just, this weird distance or something, looking at it from a 10,000 foot view or something.
Not like that...it's more like looking at the timelike, or remember something from the past and seeing it as really different from now.
Yeah, more like that
9>Way back when in '67
9>I was the dandy of Gamma Chi
9>Sweet things from Boston so young and willing
9>Moved down to Scarsdale, where the hell am I
Ever notice they don't tell you if an album is AAD or ADD or DDD anymore?
I guess that's one of the first albums to be DDD.
And CDs weren't even out when they recorded it, they recorded in digital and released on analog at first.
Hello VVelox.
You know what would be an interesting project?
Trace the changes in teh number of results yielded by that query over time.
And see if it keeps getting bigger and bigger.
9>As of 2009[dated info], multiple Perl 6 implementations are under development, but none of them are considered "complete".
So not even the Perl 6 Wikipedia page has been updated in 4-5 years?
I actually pretty much limit myself to Perl 4, though I don't get to use it much.
I just have a few things I wrote myself to automate some things.
Like I wanted a little program that gives you a command line to do duration arithmetic, so I wrote it.
Or calculate cumulative averages of durations.
Or this little script that will give you X number of random numbers between Y and Z.
castironpi have you ever heard of the Iron Pie?
There was some clip on YouTube of these people who had this thing called the "iron pie", which was basically an octagon about eight inches across and covered with spikes.
But the spikes were fake.
And they'd go ram it into other peoples' faces and blood would spurt out and they would lol.
Oh man
That's because you don't have cockroaches in that town you lie.
s/lie/live/
Here, it's like, they're all over, you just have to make your place less attractive to them.
I put boric acid around the baseboards to prevent them and never had them.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Too many people living too close togheter.
I lived in a suburban-style neighborhood even though it was in Grand Rapids proper, and I never saw a cockroach until I was like 28 years old and had been living in the city for four years.
Speaking of which, I've been fascinated by this
You can't un-see it though.  
Almost as fascinating as "the paper".
I read some copypasta about it and thought it was some made-up conspiracy-theorist thing because it ended saying something like the scientists didn't want to talk about what happened.
But then I found out it was real.
I'm struggling to diagram your comment according to the rules of Warriner's English Grammar and Composition
castironpi are you MeowDaCat?
I think that MeowDaCat was around before Felix Da Housecat came out.
You'd have to be like sixty something
I guess that's a thing now.
Not wearing tampons or pads.
Do I go around and ejaculate in public? No.
I look through the Noisebridge meeting notes and it seems like at least one out of four, if not two or three, meetings has something about disciplining someone.
That's part of why I'm fascinated by the "mouse utopia".
I keep thinking of hackerspaces, now about four-six years old, as going through the fucked-up phase where there's all this unnecessary violence.
They seem to have this interesting thing too.
Where like, they have "associate members" and "members".
I'm not sure of any of this, but my impression is
They have "consensus members" and "members".
Or rather "associate members" and "members".
Now, they like to get "consensus" on things, rather than just a majority.
Like Occupy (ha, ha).
But...
...only members are allowed to be a part of the consensus.
And they can prevent problems with getting consensus by being very selective about who they let be a member (ha, ha).
I saw the minutes of one person's application to be a member, and it was filled with all these promises about how they would vote, how they would promise not to "block" for a certain period of time and all that.
So you are allowed to vote, as long as you're likely to vote along with everyone else.
(Ha, ha)
9>Not sure on whether or not he did have a gun, people were not taking a chance as they filed for the exit. However, Derek, Jedi, Rayc, Ben, stayed behind, calling him on his bullshit.
NOISEBRIDGE
It sounds like that place is full of such situations.
No, it's San Francisco
Started by Mitch Altman I believe (ha, ha).
I make fun of him a lot but it's a fond rivalry.
Like I've shown people the video explaining why it's cooler to learn to make your own things rather than just taking what corporations give you.
That one.
Like it's a really good video to show someone explaining the "maker" ethic, especially considering it was done off-the-cuff.
I like him for stuff like that.
But I sig on him for stuff like telling people to quit their jobs, and then constantly reminding the people to whom he's presenting about how poor he is when it comes time to sell kits.
Or selling TV-B-Gones with l-ion batteries, and then packing them with the warning that's intended for people who are testing them out on their boards, which says stuff like that you should only charge it in a fireproof environment.  On, and mine started rapidly heading toward thermal runaway the first time I charged it (ha, ha).
It would have been a really cool thing.  It had eight IR LEDs, four wide-angle and four long-range.
XD
So I was watching this video...
And someone made a typo in the comments.
9>This is why monopoly will start would war 3﻿
Which might have just been an auto-correct mis-happening.
And people started making fun of it.
9>Wait for the Should War. ﻿
But then someone said
9>Pffft the Should War got nothing on the Could War﻿
Which I thought was actually really profound.
Like people plan to or want to fight things (the should war) but then there are so many other possibilities about how it could turn out (the could war).
Just the act of getting in an overt conflict opens you up to possibly losing in any of a number of anticipated ways, or sparking all sorts of things you didn't expect.
And the person who wrote that probably still hasn't figured out how cool of a saying that is.
That's cool.  I'm still stalled on figuring out Lite Brite.
I'm getting kind-of addicted to reading stuff from the Noisebridge mailing list
It's more like the mouse utopia than I thought.
That's like one of the best ones, because it's like Chicago IX.  It is a greatest hits email.
Like I don't know much about the stuff, but I keep seeing the same stories come up.
Like some guy was hiding out in the wall and then got stuck there when the elevator broke down and busted through the drywall to get out of there.
"OH YEAH!"
And someone like, had some girl ask him to do something (I can't figure out what) and he thought she was asking for him to unzip her zipper and she freaked out, and even after they reconciled and she was telling everyone to back off of him, the white knights still wanted their pound of flesh and I can't remember if he still got kicked out.
9>the white knights still wanted their pound of flesh
I just recognized that this could be read two different ways simultaneously, and if anyone interpreted it that way, I am pleased with such an interpretation.
Dude, I was just thinking of something.
Like you know how some places have squatter's rights?
Like if you move into abandoned property and improve/maintain it, you can have it?
I wonder if you could do that with an entire factory somewhere and make a hackerspace out of it.
Like that fucken globe factory across from the old PS
Because nobody buys fucken globes anymore and everyone knows they're gonna get constantly outdated when the water levels start rising to say nothing of all the border shifts.
Then you pick another factory and move there instead.
Hi beekor.
I remember seeing /The Matrix
It was back in the days of flip-phones so it wasn't as much of a sure thing if you wanted to throw it and make sure it broke when it hit something.
I don't think much about the browser anymore.
They wanted to try to "decommodify" Java.
If they could get all the people to just use it by default, they'd have a browser that had a few features that weren't supported in standard Java.
Everyone thought that Java applets were going to be the thing in the late nineties.
And also ActiveX controls.
Then if sites used them, their users had to use Windows.
TF2?
That's the story about the guy getting stuck and having to bust through a wall and part of the stairs to escape.
And his accusations that the reason he got in trouble for it was a plot by Google.
And not the fact that he damaged the building.
Oh hey that reminds me, there's his story.
I always like reading both sides to some weird story because it's like that Human League song.
Or that new one that everyone compares to it.
For mother's day
For some reason when I hear about robot chicken I think of
Chicken Park
It's supposed to be one of the worst movies ever made.
Those lists get kind-of meaningless when they start to include deliberate b-movies though.
THAT is a bad movie.
And very unintentionally so.
I actually start to wonder if it's a really genius parody of pretentious people and you're supposed to be cringing through the whole thing and waiting for it to end.
It's basically /Dazed and Confused/ but about hipsters instead of 70s teenagers.
9>Budget		$100,000
9>Box office		$60,902
HOW DO YOU LOSE MONEY ON A $100,000 FILM?!
When you say "hey all", is it like the "hey all" at the end of "The Continuing Adventures of Bungalow Bill"?
Pretty well.  Not done that much this weekend though.
So VVelox I haven't looked at Wine in a long time; I take it that it's good now?
beekor
Do you remember "VCR games"?
I had that one but remember little about it.
Not to be confused with the /Clue/ theatrical film.
Ha 
I think VCR games were out way before that though.
I remember them back in like, 1985?
Hey is someone here still planning a Denny's outing?
You might recall I posted a music video like yesterday or the day before.
tinnie that is disgusting
Like pretty much all those pictures.
I've seen similar ones too, like of some train and the floor was covered in trash.
.py print(2/0)
.py print(100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000*10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000)
.py print(sqr(0))
.py print(sqrt(0))
I don't really know Python.
I just know not to go to PyCon.
Oh wow.
.py print(math.sqrt(0))
9>no what's a good study spot in the city
I never understood going somewhere else to study.
Except if you're getting together with others.
antihero_
.g "she already served me"
Ha ha ha ha ha
.g goatse
I was just SITTIN THERE
HAVIN' a DRINK
EATIN' DINNER
It's from a /Cops/ home video.
A friend had it in college and we thought that part was funny as fuck.
.g she can't touch me ho
Nah, that didn't work.
.g "she can't touch me ho"
Dangit.
I know YouTube has it.
Is anyone out there a fan of the band Tool?
jbk
.g "country hooker with a penis" rexway
Better than the original.
I've actually heard very little of the original song.
It sounded whiney.
But this version is funny.
The lyrics make it sound like it was supposed to be a country song where someone gets BTFO.
Ha ha beekor
A.K.A. you done-in your head
beekor, here is something to listen to when you're high
I like how beekor is a mellow guy but he likes to watch people rek each other.
lol
You know what freaks me out?
I'll have a dream that I'm still a senior in high school or something, and you know how you never really question that for most of the dream?
Well like, every now and then I'll find myself doing that.
Like in the dream I'll think "what did I do yesterday?" and get really confused and wake up.
I had a dream that I was still studying film, only there was modern 2014 technology so it must have been now or something.
And like, my dad had one of those entertainment centers where you rip the movies into it on the hard disk, like that Windows media edition from years back.
At some sort of cottage or something that he owned, and like I was there by myself or some junk and put in a porn DVD, only it ripped it without me knowing and so it showed up in the list of movies.
But I didn't know that until he and other people returned to the cottage and some point and turned it on.
And I made some excuse that it was somehow an interesting movie from a filmmaker's perspective, and my and my friends were studying it, and to continue the ruse, I ordered several copies and gave them to everyone.
Only that just made things more awkward.
And then I woke up and didn't have to deal with any of it.
Oh hey, there's that anime convention.
Maybe next year...I'm not really into it but they sometimes have interesting stuff there.
I went to the comic book one years ago and they had some booth with interesting knife weapons.
No.
And if I went there, I wouldn't know who was him.
The comic book one started to try to branch out to other things like "celebrities".
And Mickey Dolenz was there signing stuff, only he'd charge you to sign something you already owned.
I might have bought his new CD just to see what he was up to but I thought that was weird and wanted to troll him after that, keep asking stupid questions about /Circus Boy/ instead of the Monkees or something.
But I didn't.
Maybe get married and then it's "oh, I had a miscarraige"
On some morning call-in show they invited "gold-diggers" to call in and one of them said that she would go out with some older guy like at the Viagra Triangle, get tired of him, tell him she's pregnant and she needs $X for an abortion and take the money and leave.
And the guy would be married already so he'd freak out and pay to make the situation go away.
It amazes me how guys who are that successful keep going back into situations where they can be tricked like that.
Like I saw on Dr. Phil there was an episode about guys who go to Russia for mail-order brides, this guy kept going back even though he'd get mugged and get his ass kicked.
And you wonder if he was being set up by his dates over there.
9>2014
9>looking like John Byner did in 1984
9>saw a lot of chicks asses
For real?
That's like the main reason I go to those things.
Well congratulations beekor.
They didn't have that one drive backed up lol.
There's something about good Chinese food from some little storefront place in a strip mall.
I ate at two Chinese places on a business trip to Chelmsford, Massachusetts.
Which, I guess, is near where ruxxell grew up.
The first was Fresh Chow, pretty decent.
The next was Hong & Kong, which looks boarded up on Street View now.
But had a really neat neon sign.
By the way, for some reason, the building in which Fresh Chow sits has ruxxell's last name on it.
I phoned him from there and he said they are all over there.
And that his father was a Mason.
And that some guy gave away a bunch of the Mason secrets and ended up dead as per his father.
But it wasn't like, some guy that ruxxell's dad knew.
It's from when Chinese restaurants used to look like that.
beekor
This is the mime woman, right?
Uh oh.
The original.
Is it a lot like /Office Space/?
If so, I'd say he recycles a lot of ideas.
And that it was a cartoon first.
That's fucked up, that's the /Twilight Zone/ thing, right?
I saw those two and the original /Frog Baseball/ at the Sick and Twisted Animation Festival in like 1992 or 1993.
I always thought that was kind-of weird that they released that segment even after that.
But that was outdone when they released that porn movie where that one porn star got HIV.
I guess I was wrong.
Actually no, I'm wrong again - they removed only one scene, but someone else gets it in another scene.
Four people got it shooting one movie.
Normally it's not as easily-transmitted as that, but they were doing double anal.
Bianca Biaggi
It tripped the "porn industry kill switch" where everyone stops shooting for thirty-sixty days.
No.
I think meaple confirmed that once.
But I may be thinking of A2M.
One of the stars explained it like this
I kind-of ignored him.  I told him it didn't really bother me because I figured he didn't have anything else to talk about and he b& me.
People think Asten was my arch-enemy but it was really Arbiter.
He was the only one where I'd daydream schemes against him.
Like "wouldn't it be funny to blast him with a paintball gun as he's leaving Cesar's".
Or "wouldn't it be funny to log a bunch of stuff he posts on IRC and send it to his dissertation committee".
Or "wouldn't it be funny to take that picture of his girlfriend standing next to Sarah Brightman and sent it to uglypeople.com with the caption 'doesn't it suck when a hot girl tries to hook you up with her ugly friend?'"
There were issues.
Oh fuck, uglypeople.com is a porn site now.
It used to be one of those 1996-style sites where it was like, one big page you'd scroll down where they captioned a bunch of pictures.
This is more like the classic uglypeople
OonaSpice had her own "Sarah Brightman" page.
She was all into her, and got to meet her once I guess.
Or was enough of a fan to have a page.
I remember when people would do that...they'd make a page about something they liked.
Back when the web was a lot of "some people have a lot of time on their hands".
I remember seeing someone's Todd Rundgren site back in like 1995, and being pretty impressed with how much they put into it and the graphics and all that, and I guess Todd Rundgren's lawyers had made them take down certain things and they were like "here is his email address to tell him that what he did was wrong".
I had this trick.
Use a woodgrain background.
And then make tables with really thick borders.
With those overlaid over the woodgrain, it would look like some kind of raised plaque.
I was in college, and like, Java got really big my last semester there, I had a class where you'd pick your project and all these people were using it.
Within one year it had gone from being this curiosity where Sun had to write their own browser in order to get people to look at it (Hot Java) to this huge thing that Microsoft felt really threatened by.
beekor do you use an IDE with Perl?
I was using it yesterday to write a little script to calculate a bunch of stuff and was like...I'd really like if it would show me all the overloads of stuff, like "print" and "open" and all that.
Hey man.
So when do you become security officer?
I was just wondering.
I'm also trying to make a good list of mid-life crisis movies.
 /American Beauty/ is definately one.
 /Fight Club/ is more "return of Saturn" than "mid-life crisis".
No, sometimes you win.
I used to sig on those guys when I was 25, now I'm like...hey, I'm an old guy too.
I think even when I saw that, I figured that that's what it would be like to be married to TrblClef.
She's on her second, right?
Like when that last guy was about to divorce her, I tried really hard to indirectly steer her to an explanation.
Because he was really vague about the reasons why, and I'm like "Well, it sounds *ahem* like he *ahem* wants you to /guess/ *ahem* what he wants *ahem* rather than telling you *ahem*."
I didn't think of her as high-maintenance in the sense of throwing fits, so much as just acting really /entitled/.
Maybe.  I think a lot of people don't get that people exchange this-for-that a lot.  They just think they get this and it doesn't occur to them that the other person wants that.
Like they just don't get how it works.
I'm kind-of the opposite.  I have trouble trusting someone if I can't figure out some reason they would want to be around me, some selfish reason.
It's actually not really.
Like if someone's way too friendly with me, I'm like, something's wrong.
Yeah.
OH FUCK YEAH
That was the first punk rawk I ever saw!
I thought she was so cool.
That is sad.
Douglas Spink was kind-of into that stuff.
All these people who knew him have these messed up stories about him basically doing really bold things that would alienate him from others.
Yeah that's  a weird thing to say.
He seemed like a psychopath
Aw man, 404
What was it beekor
AH
was that fucken it
Hey man.
I'm actually really tired about about to go to be
But thought I'd stop in.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Dude I was just thinking the other day how funny it would be to have porn with people acting fucked up
Once again, /b/ delivers before the media
That Rodgers guy is actually the son of some Hollywood director.
Man I'd just be happy having a BMW and parents as a safety net.
The guy I posted before.
I guess he was some guy who was assistant director of Hunger Gams.
He posted a bunch of stuff on PUA Hate and Bodybuilding.com
Unrelated.
Also unrelated.
The thread with the links is gone.
There's some caps of the bodybuilding forum; I guess it was a different one than Bodybuilding.com
Or wait no I'm wrong again, whatever.
His driving videos would have been better if he did one with this song
Hmmmm...I can't find duplicates either.
PUA Hate is getting BTFO now.
It's serving blank pages, no HTML at all.
Also
ME AND MOTORCYCLE
ME AND MOTORBIKE
WE JUST RUNNING AROUND
MY FEET ARE OFF THE GROUND
SHE'S NOT GONNA LET ME DOWN
SHE'S NOT GONNA LET ME DOWN
9>The 48 Laws of Power
ha ha
Ha
9>Pic related its me. xoxoxo
beekor, Hunter S. Thompson shaved his head when he was running for the sheriff of Aspen and then referred to the other guy running (who had a buzz-cut) as "my long-haired opponent".
I should go ball-head.
I get checked for moles every six months because one of my meds makes it a little easier to get teh cancer, and I notice they don't really check my scalp.
Maybe if I didn't have long hair it would be easy enough for them to look.
Oh wow, YouTube deleted the "Day of Reckoning" video or whatever.
Like 4chan/7chan etcetera.
711chan used to have a /hack/ board...it doesn't look like the same person is running it as when it did, though.
It seems like this incel thing really got to him in the past six months or so, especially the last four.
I would be impressed if someone could shoop together a "shit was so cash" with him and no girl.
There's some article that came out during the George Sodini thing that's been baleeted from the web, about how the social contract is breaking down and blames that.
But I haven't seen the actual thing, just references to it.
Someone on Discussionist (spinoff of DU) had this theory that he was actually just embarassed about being cuckolded but didn't want to admit it so he just acted racist instead.
That would actually make that tape of him saying he was trying to get his mistress to have sex with him that night make a little more sense.
I'm not trying to excuse it, it's just a theory that might explain  more of the information than the prevailing one.
I bet you could just click another >>234132525332543214 link, see where it goes in the URL text box, and then substitute whatever post number you want in the URL.
I wonder if the TFL Truth guy is the next one to go nonlinear
I guess some people at his job at Holiday Inn saw his disturbing videos and got him fired.
Look at the date stamp.
Portrait of the "Supreme Gentleman" as a Young Man
What's fascinating to me is not that the guy felt so sorry for himself, but that he does so in this way that looks like such a parody.
Like that video reminds me of /Natural Born Killers/ or something.
It looks like some farcical movie from the 90s, back when you could still have a really crass sense of humor.
Oh yeah.
You know what I keep thinking too, is that in Japan, a lot of their post-war culture was like, based on an idealized impression of the U.S., only they did it for real.
Like get really into their jobs.
And be loyal to their company.
Actually, their censorship of porn, the mosaic stuff, is based on prohibitions on sex that they adopted to be more "western".
It wasn't like that in the 1800s before they started making some effort to westernize, I heard.
You know...someone could easily make a version like that, upload it back to Scribd, pass /that/ URL out on /b/, and a bunch of people would download it without immediately reading the whole thing.
Two weeks later they'd get to that part and then lulz.
As a fellow student of /The 48 Laws of Power/, I can kind-of tell that he didn't really "get" them.
Because the book makes you more accepting of peoples' selfish nature, while he got himself upset over it and tried to change it.
Or tries to make you more accepting of it, rather.
It would be interesting to see the rest of his "books" list on Facebook, but I'm not on Facebook.
Yeah, it was on that list.
I don't believe you man because only white people from New York say "a black" or "the blacks".
ha
I knew someone who got scammed in a similar manner, only for him it was someone who offered to buy his car on eBay.
THAT FAKE JAMAICAN TOOK EVERY LAST DIME THAT WE HAD
IT WAS WORTH IT JUST TO SEE SOME SLEIGHT OF HAND
I remember when I first heard that...it was on the radio and I remembered that ruxxell was into them.
And I was like "this sounds like a bunch of hippies making their own version of disco".
I think he didn't really "get" alpha, even though he mentioned it.
Winning the lottery is not "alpha".
There's this energy drink at select Walgreens named Lottery Pick
I think he's omega...betas can at least be used by their romantic pursuits.
Or at least let you orbit them.
Like betas are the two guys accompanying that landlady from a year and a half ago
Yeah, he sounds like someone who is making fun of someone like him.
I think that's the key to a personality disorder, there's something about it that makes you not see that you have it.
Right, but his narcissism isn't letting him see that his narcissism is preventing him from doing what he needs to be someone that other people want to spend time around.
But beekor did you see that video I posted around 6 P.M. Chicago time?
Look at the date stamp.
I think that video that's excerpted is one of the ones he took down due to his mom getting scared (for real).
He should have listened to the Ramones instead of some of that 80s music.
His dad used to take all these nude photographs of women.
According to some other /b/-tard.
But that's almost like saying it might very well not be true.
It's almost like "said no ______ ever"
I haven't checked out much new punk rawk lately, and I wonder how they're dealing with the problem of the fact that you can record a 24-bit 96 kHz album on equipment costing less than $1000, edit an album cover digitally with free software, and distribute exact copies of it for free.
When the aesthetic was heavily influenced by limitations on what you could afford to produce.
Ha
Like they used to release lots of vinyl singles because that's all they could afford to record at a time, and could find old facilities for pressing them that were desperate enough to do it for cheap, that kind of thing.
Even in the late 80s/early 90s they did that.
And that was kinda cool, you'd have all these little records with hand-drawn or collage covers that looked photocopieed.
And their music press was all copied or mimeographed little magazines, you had to kind-of find out where to get them and send for them.
Maximum RockNRoll was like the "hub" where you could get a lot of addresses to send away for records and zines
But now that obscurity and treasure-hunting is gone.
Also, you could write a column for MRR pretty easily, or publish your own zine, it was like blogs before blogs....but now it's real easy just to write a blog.
Kansas?
Or Kinky Sex?
Hey man.
Chicago politics is easy.
It's "what can you do for the person who can do something for you".
Somehow Google knows I still buy CDs and put up an ad for a box set.
tinnie
TINNIE DON'T CREEP
I'M IN TROUBLE DEEP
I'M IN TROUBLE DEEP
TINNIE DON'T CREEP
I'VE BEEN LOSING SLEEP
BUT I'VE MADE UP MY MIND
I'M KEEPING MY BABY
GONNA KEEP MY BABY OOOOO OOOH
I hate the way they portray us in the media. You see a black family, it says, "They're looting." You see a white family, it says, "They're looking for food." And, you know, it's been five days because most of the people are black. And even for me to complain about it, I would be a hypocrite because I've tried to turn away from the TV because it's too hard to watch. I've even been shopping before even g
iving a donation, so now I'm calling my business manager right now to see what is the biggest amount I can give, and just to imagine if I was down there, and those are my people down there. So anybody out there that wants to do anything that we can help -- with the way America is set up to help the poor, the black people, the less well-off, as slow as possible. I mean, the Red Cross is doing everything
 they can. We already realize a lot of people that could help are at war right now, fighting another way -- and they've given them permission to go down and shoot us!
castironpi, that was Kanye West's statement on television during Hurricane Katrina.
I was reminded of it by VVelox's statement.
beekor
dimaa
Someone did it
Wow, interesting story.
beekor did you read more of /My Twisted Life/ or whatever it was called?
Yeah.
He got pushed off the terrace or whatever, lol
He was really crazy.
No one to tell him that he was either, not like he would have listened.
Like, he was studying PUA tricks, but I think he took them rote as a person who doesn't interact much would.
Like they tell you to be "cocky and arrogant" and instead of fitting that into a set of knowledge of how to interact socially (which he didn't have much of), he took it as "go up to people and insult them".
Rather than "act normal except with a little bit of arrogant spice to show you aren't passive" or something.
Yeah.
I think that was from /The Secret/.  He'd just take this advice without a grain of salt.
Having a BMW is kinda winning the lottery already.
?
When did you mention my name?
lol are you high?
9>why george michael team up with other guy?  he hardly don't sing!  no wonder george broke up the wham group LOL﻿
I liked this one a lot
The other guy from Wham! looks like ZombyWoof.
Ha I'd never download a random link from 4chan.
I wonder if there are still telnet/ssh BBSs.
9>There are 2 Secure Shell (SSH) BBS systems
One of them is The WELL.
I remember people on The WELL threw a fit, because the news did a story about BBSs or something, and they showed someone talking with their computer screen in the shot, which happened to be connected to The WELL.
And people were like "hey man, we have this agreement that what people say here stays here!!"
Totally different mentality than the current "say something wrong and we will form a Twitter mob" environment.
Or SRS.
Yeah I liked the local aspect of BBSs.
It was cool having friends all over town.
And going to BBS parties.
I remember there was this guy named Mike in Grand Rapids, he had a mullet or some other metalhead haircut.
And came in with some date who looked like a model from some glam metal video, and I think some other girl.
Ha
And he came over with /the new Def Leppard album/.
He was like "the good part is coming up".
The person to whom he told that left and came back and he said "you missed the good part!"
And based on what had played, I surmised it was
STEP INSIDE
WALK THIS WAY
YOU AND ME BABE
HEY HEY
Fuck yeah everyone did, everyone liked it too.
Standard issue when I was in junior high.
People deny it but that album was huge.
They just wore it out releasing seven or eight singles is all.
And MTV's "heavy rotation".
Yeah we had to import it from the USSR!
BANG
DA DA DA DA DAAAAAA
TELL ME YES AND LETS FEED ZA FIY-UR
Or I remember how people thought that Enuff Z'nuff was like, important and groundbreaking for having a slightly different type of image and not looking so much like dirtheads.
But you look at it now...
To continue to beat this thing into the ground
Oh fuck
A clever new take on an old classic
HI TO YOU
JOY TO YOU
When hai2u became slang, I wonder if they were thinking of the Wendy's commercial
(Look at the button he's wearing.)
Ha
But in muslim mythology, the virginal creatures never lose their virginity no matter how many times they have sex.
And I say "creatures" because I believe they are not human.
Actually I'm looking that stuff up about the 72 virgins and am finding that these might be the opinions of scholars or something.
AgentSmith_ you want to meet at the parking lot of Dunkin' Donuts at Belmont and Clark first?
What's the difference between an egg and Elliot Rodger?
An egg gets laid before it cracks.
(Not mine.)
9>In addition, all of the album's drum sounds were samples recorded by Lange and the engineers, then played from the Fairlight CMI. In a 1999 interview with Mix Magazine, Shipley noted, "'Pyromania' was done the same way, on cheesy 8-bit Fairlight technology where we had to figure out how to record everything at half speed into the Fairlight to make it sound like it had some tone to it, and we'd be stacking up a bunch of snares and bass drums."
I guess he didn't need that other arm after all.
Hmmmm...from AgentSmith_'s hostname it looks like there's a web interface to Freenode?
Maybe I should do that trick where I go to a computer store and connect to it and leave it open for random people to discover the channel.
On the album at least.
And the kit had all sorts of sample triggers live.
Oh wow.
Maybe I'll do that.
Well I think that he would think that was beneath him.
THERE'S PIGEONS DOWN ON MARKET SQUARE
SHE'S STANDING IN HER UNDERWEAR
You know what's fucked-up to think about?
Like when I was like 12, 13 years old, they put the Beatles' albums on CD, and I listened to them, and they seemed old.
But that song is as old as Sgt. Pepper was when I was listening to it.
lol wut
I heard that Brazil is like, behind in it's preparations for the Olympics.
lol should have picked Chicago.
I wonder if /My Twisted Life/ is going to end up being the most-read book of 2014 now.
Because it seems that people are reading it, who normally don't read books.
If the massacre didn't happen, and wasn't even laid out in the book, then the most painful part would probably be seeing him provide all the details of why he fails while not undestanding them.
Like going and throwing lattes at people from his car, and squirting orange juice from a Super Soaker.
lol
They could move that date up to 1984 and it still would have worked.
ACTION knows this for a fact.
My dad made it sound like you were always on the verge of ending up "screwing a nut on a bolt for the rest of your life".
Then I found out that he didn't do too well in school.
For instance, he could not pass French /to keep himself out of Viet Nam/.
He didn't get drafted, but he did lose his student deferrment.
He gamed the system at one point.
I guess there was a certain amount of time that you had to be available to be drafted.  The deferrment was actually just a deferrment
But his birthdate came up as #366 in the lottery.
His friends watched it on TV and came back and told him; he thought they were kidding.
So he dropped his student deferrment that year, knowing that it was really unlikely that he would get drafted.
The counselor couldn't figure out why he wanted to do it, but let him do it.
If he would have gotten drafted, that would have meant that everyone with every other birthdate had gotten called.
And by that point there would have been some massive internal unrest.
The lottery was actually a very clever idea with respect to stopping the protests; my dad said it had that effect.
Because you pretty much let certain people know they weren't going to go and they didn't care otherwise.
The part where he gets pushed off the balcony is funny.
PUA fail
P.S. Never take your temperature within an hour of when you shower.
I got 100.2 and freaked out because I popped a boil two days ago.
There's quite a bit of cringe on YouTube.
It's old...but /Style Wars/ is one of my favorite documentaries.
It's mostly about grafitti.
I did some in 1988-1989.
Or 1990 too.
My "gimmick" was, instead of making it similar to the standard hip-hop style, I did take-offs of artwork from alternative-rock albums.
And my grafitti tag was Crazy Mug as well.
And my BBS handle.
It all came about over a game of Lords of Conquest.
Late '86 or '87.
I had made some sort of move that my opponent thought was strategically irrational.
He tried to malign my  logic by exclaiming, "Man, crazy mug!"
("Mug" was a slang term similar to "dude" at the time.)
When I had won the game, I put the words "MAN CRAZY MUG" in the high-score list.
So months later when I got into BBSs and needed a handle, it was like it had already been picked for me.
There are three other people interested in being a "crazy mug" (I'm not on Facebook).
Your welcome.
I notice /b/ is in hard-mode.
Only ten pages and you can't bump your own threads.
They disappear within three minutes if no one wants them.
Oh fuck dude
There's history being made right the fuck now if I'm reading this right.
Check out "Terry Rich dump" on /b/.
It looks like someone's got ahold of a bunch of photos of Terry Richardson auditioning his models and are dumping them
Yeah.
One of the first times I went there, someone took like this secret book from a fraternity and dumped it, it was funny.
He looks like Ed Powers.
Vegetarian?  That might have been it.
I read that as "jacked fat cops off".
Me and these guys went around collecting some pay phone numbers from around this strip mall and noticed a pattern.
Like they started with 455-98XX
So I went and called all 100 numbers and asked people where the pay phones were.
I had this big list and would make crank calls.
With my friend
s
Yeah the boxes just stopped working around the time I had heard of all that.
Actually the red box should have worked.
But I would just call 1-900 numbers from pay phones, they'd just go through and who knows who ended up having to pay for them.
Ha
I took a BASIC class because we had a computer requirement, me and this other guy who already knew it would get our stuff done quickly and fuck around for days
We made an autoexec.bat that loaded up a program that would just play a low note over and over and print Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ad infinitum
Like it was humming.
We copied this onto everyone's floppies from another hour (5.25" discs that were kept in a box).
Everyone booted up and Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
This was DOS, I think this was before Windows 3.0 so no one really used Windows.
Oh hey
On Windows 95, you could click the Start button to open the start menu, click it again to close it.
Now the Start button has focus.
Then you could Alt+F4 to get rid of it!  It was just another program running; the only reason it was on the left of the task bar was that it was the first to run.
Do that at Best Buy and no one knows how to run anything.
Then there were all these sounds you could customize; I think they've pared them down but it was annoying back then the level of customizations.
Like there were sounds assigned to minimizing/maximizing, clicking
Well, I'd go and assign a sound to the event where it returns from the screen saver.
And it was me going "Please, this is not a toy."
And then on the 15-minute chime it was me going "Stop what you are doing and step back
You don't need to.
9>What Rodger perceived as a denial was at the very worst a delay. Our society is fundamentally premised on making sure that straight, middle-class (upper class in Rodger’s case) white men have access to power, money and women.
Just wait and you'll get all three.
Let's hear it for Frankie.
Frankie Teardrop
"Don't listen to 'Frankie Teardrop' on acid."
Hmmmm...
I've heard that when you get the Nigerian 419 scam, you can write back and make them do all sorts of stupid stuff by making them thing you'll send the money after they do it.
Maybe that was it.
Like this
dimaa were you the one who had the weird letter show up at your house?
Hey man
Hmmmm...
I GOT A LETTER FROM THE GOVERNMENT
THE OTHER DAY
I OPENED AND READ IT
IT SAID THEY WERE *SUCKERS*
9>Chuck’s response to what is revealed in the next line to be his Selective Service System notice is one of the most famous and commonly referenced opening couplets in hip-hop
Not even a couplet, lol.
Yeah so was I.
 Half of those are probably just broken monitors and network cards.
Warning - disgusting
I guess I'm not aware of the state of the art of sniffing human waste LIKE SOME PEOPLE!!!!1
Yeah see I don't even know what that is.
During the playoffs four years ago I had my first experiences using the TV-B-Gone.
Or it was about a week after I first soldered it together.
Some people were watching from the sidewalk through the window of the Salt and Pepper Diner on Clark Street.
I turned the set off and they didn't notice I had done anything unusual.
Then they were like "aw man, they turned it off because we were out here watching".
Fuck yeah.
Some hats have LEDs built in, would be real easy to replace them with infrareds.
I've seen ones where they outline the logo with lights.
Yeah, my uncle had one.  I don't remember if they were the common LEDs or those really flat ones like you see on PCBs though.
It'd be funny as fuck.
I had the TV-B-Gone Pro but the L-Ion battery started heating up really bad.  Managed to unplug it before "therman runaway" set in though.
s/therman/thermal/
TRIGGER WARNING
Oh for real?
Oh I didn't know this.
See when I opened it, it had a slip of paper in there, and it looked like what it was, was the warning that the battery manufacturer gives whoever is going to incorporate it on a board for manufacture.
Yep
Oh ok
So they're like "be sure to charge this in a fireproof environment" and stuff.
But see, if you put that slip of paper in the final product, you can just pass all that risk on to the consumer!
Just like it's really cool to quit your job and do whatever you want because you can make money by constantly insinuating that you're really poor and getting people to feel sorry for you.
Oh wow.
I didn't know there was an uncensored version
Hey tits on YouTube
Oh not bad.
It looks like the next generation has found it's stupid and bizarre excuse to go kill their classmates.
For GenXers it was Dungeons and Dragons.
Millenials, bullying
I take that back - for GenXers it was Dungeons and Dragons and Satanism
And now we have memes.
Have they come up with a name for 2000-2020?
That's pretty weird.
Both of them.
dvitous, you might like this
It's one of those fucken things, you think, "oh, it's like they put that there for people to sample", only there wasn't really sampling, and people wouldn't have sampled it if it was not there.
See cuz I know all my samples, man.
It's pretty cool stuff.
 /There's A Riot Goin' On/ is their 'white album'.
Like, the album where they destroy what they were.
I was just wondering...if you could keep on...
...because the force, it's got a lot of power...
...it make me feel like...
...it make me feel like...
WHOOOO!
I was like, in elementary school when /Thriller/ was out, and for some reason I found someone's pirated cassette of /Off The Wall/ in a bookcase in some classroom.
I thought it was really cool, but at the time, there was like a giant invisible wall built in 1980 or so and it was really uncool to like 70s music.
I don't think there's ever been a backlash like that.
Dude
remember back when they'd show colorful patters and stuff before a movie
and play music
dued i so remember that
i remember too when like, youd go
and it would be like et or mpire strikes bank
but like youd be in line and it would be full and thered be only iek one theater showing it so theyd be like empire strikes back is full, this line is nao superman ii
man look at this
4chan uncle + kim fields
Here is the uncle on YouTube
550000000 get's gonna go down tonight.
Someone's gonna get septuples.
550000000 GET on it's way!
Just 50000 more to go!
That looks like it was taken with a film camera.
I am and don't have an automobile.
Dude, did you see that thread of "historical pictures" last night?
lol wut
I posted it next door.
Yeah she's just telling some guy that he's fat and unacceptable and that "that's the way men treat women, that's the way that women should treat men".
I guess technically no.
He was an hero when he jumped off the balcony.
Ha
My first job when I was a teenager was a bagger at this big supermarket that had a cafeteria on a balcony.
And there was a barber shop too.
And some guy 
A HA AHA
And some guy stole a haircut from the barbershop, walked out without paying.
And then he came back to apologize.
The store director's office was just off to the side of the cafeteria.
He was like "thank you for coming back here, but we can't let you back in the store".
So they guy threw a fit and jumped off the balcony!
He wasn't kill though, he landed on the greeting card rack.
lol that was the balcony
And the barbershop was down that hall.
It looks empty because that's when they were about to tear it down.
Only pictures I could find.
That part was from the 50s and they added a fuckton on to it in the early 60s, it was basically the first "hypermarket" ever.
Ha there you go, the office is where those windows were on the top left.  Walked right out and down.
There you can see the absurd look of the add-on, there was actually another huge part added on even later.
Basically, the people who owned it were struggling to predict how suburban retail would pan out, and were afraid that if they didn't sell everything in one place, someone else would sell something else cheap along with groceries and take all their business.
But due to the tack-ons the layout was really weird, the dairy case was at the side of the shoe department and stuff.
Oh fuck yeah, it's Meijer's.
They were also paranoid that the whole thing would fail and had the floors build thick enough so that they could turn it into an indoor car showroom as plan B.
I mostly did fucken carts, that was actually fun.
Once, though, someone went and took some red lipstick, which was the color of the cart seats, and wrote "ASS BITCH" backwards on it so someone would sit their kid down and it would say that.
Dude
In Michigan, they give you that 10 cents for the cans, and supermarkets have a place to return them.
And they count them up, crush 'em down, and give you the money.
They were short people in that part and I worked there for two days.
IT WAS DISGUSTING
That, and like
Roaches coming out of bottles and cans
And twice this substance that looked like pus or jizz
It's mostly to keep them out of the parks
Because that's a big draw in Michigan.
Ha ha ha ha ha
You don't really care about grocery, man.
On top of that, I was SUPPOSED to get a higher wage for those two days that they never gave me.
Oh and what sucked, they were union, which was OK (I could call in sick and be like "you can't ask me what I have"), except for that, I originally made $3.55 when minimum wage was $3.35, and when they bumped minimum wage up to $4.25, I got...$4.25.
So the union wasn't getting me anything higher than what was required by law.
And I had to pay union dues.  THEY COULD HAVE AT LEAST TRIED TO GET ME THE MONEY TO COVER UNION DUES.
Fuck yeah.
I had a survey job too on the phone that was like $6.50, but it was only six hours, which I thought was a plus!
Yeah, I remember stuff like that.
You could get fired for something bad happening to you.
Oh fuck yeah.
If I got drunk all the fucken time I'd probably not make it through college, probably fuck up at work and end up broke or homeless.
But if my father was a senator and an oilman I could be President of the United States of America.
I just had an idea for a bot that someone probably has already thought of...
Make one where you can leave a message for someone who's not logged in, and it goes and /msg's them when they get on.
Maybe Tevatron is case-sensitive; try that again.
Oh hey ha
OK that's cool.
I guess it's better to make it in-channel.
Because if you implied some kind of privacy you'd have to hassle with all that.
Might be something to save for later but it's pretty fucken raw
I don't think he's really from /v/, by the way.
Yeah a long time ago.
It's weird that the people who work in the prison know that there's these unintended things going on and account for them.
It's not working for you?  It's working for me.
The thing I don't get is like...these guys in prison, have /nothing/.
So why the fuck do they spend all this time fighting each other?  They get /nothing/ out of it.
It's probably like, one of them is a criminally pathological fucktard and fucks with people for no reason.  Then people start forming alliances to deal with him and/or supplicate him, and then it's pretty much proving yourself to different protection rackets or something.
I guess I forget that most of them are fucking stupid to begin with.
I don't think so; I've never seen it.
Maybe under a different name.
Dude I think I have a modified version of that
Or I might have thrown it away
Remember back in like 1999 when they were trying to get everyone to switch to DVD and they gave away a collection of five DVDs if you bought one?
One of them was Stargate.
And I remember there was some nudity in it, but not on the DVD
"As always, the scarf signifies 'the swinger'."
OH FUCK MAN
I FINALLY FOUND SOMETHING WHERE IT'S LIKE 'I REMEMBER THAT, BUT I FORGOT IT!'"
And it's this
Back before I had an iPhone or anything, I was listening to a podcast where people were talking about the App Store.
And they were talking about some app they thought was neat.  It was like this
And some kid wrote this review that was like
"This is the worst game ever!"
So like, do you need a good graphics card to do that, or if you are just some casual gamer like me can you still get some games?
Reason I ask is that I heard that Pac Man Championship Edition is all up on there, and I'd like to play on my PC rather than my phone.
I have that Gen X problem that YOU CAN NEVER GET AWAY FROM PAC MAN.
Championship is pretty cool, they redesigned it so that you don't get distracted by "clearing the board" and focus on points.
Ha even then I knew the Atari one sucked.
The characters would flicker like crazy and sometimes you could pass through the ghosts (though that's still a problem on the real Pac Man).
Like it looks like being on acid with the tracers and stuff.
Aw fuck yeah too.
I found out there's this game called /Pac Man Museum/ where it's like, a fuckton of the old Pac Man games in a package.
Like this one
And I wonder just who came up with that winning combination of sour cream and onion.
You know what I wanna do?
Put a bunch of pages on the web with fake-ass answers to some obscure questions, only they say that they're fake right on them.
Let them simmer long enough for Google to index them.
And then ask the questions on Cha Cha.
And see if they answer with the intentionally-wrong answers you've put up.
And then call them on it.
All they fucken do is just Google the thing that you could have done on your phone.
9> Also in the 1990s, Doritos had a flavor in Canada called Texas Tang.
Hey man.
I lol'd
Heads all over there, ha ha
I like to think that they separated the piles just so we can find them like that today.
You know, I noticed that the Powerball is up pretty high right now, and it would be funny if Elliot Rodgers had been buying the same numbers every time and they hit this weekend.
Fucken A man.
If he had a decent idea his dad probably would have fronted him some if he promised that it wasn't just a scheme to get it in the hands of his mom.
Even if it was just "go to college".
He could have fucken gone anywhere really.
It's like you were saying, things would have been different if your parents backed you up more, think about him wasting that kind of opportunity, he had all that and didn't do anything with it.
I guess the SJWs are right, /the thing about privilege is that you don't even see it/.
Where's the bank?
I had this weird dream about my grandmother on my father's side, who I didn't know well.
I had a dream that I had somehow ended up back in time during the time she was a kid and was riding the same school bus as her, and for some reason I had a Lego catalog that looked like it was from the 20s or something.
Oh man, that IP is Tumblr.  They are trying to trick SJWs into DDOSing Tumblr.
What a stupid fucking idea.
320 meg lol
I remember in college, I was in data structures class, and I was worried about allocating this huge array of C++ objects, if I'd run out of memory.
And someone was like "don't worry, the Sun workstations have 32 megs".
That's not a commercial for condoms, it's a commercial for full vasectomies.
They just didn't intend that.
lol
You ever see that guy who posts an OP on /b/ where he's like, post your reaction faces and I'll do my impression of them.
He looks like that guy.
And I got in before that big jump on like Thursday.
Yeah there kinda is.
Like 76.45
Basically when I buy, I'm like, OK, I'll sell if it loses 10%, and I'll move the trailing stop up to -5% if it goes up 5%.
Then move it up to 0% if it goes up to 10%, etcetera.
But it's not a real stop, it's just like, set an alert so that I get a text message if I hit that.
I'm thinking of tightening it once it gets to 20%, maybe set the stop at 15% and do those kinda increments.
I GOT NO GAME
I CAN'T REWARD YA
BUT IF YOU WANT A LONG ONE BABY
I GOT ONE 4 YA!
You ever hear from Lopharin?
(How do people come up with names like that?)
Hey I saw that one too.
9?Rutherford commented that the completed song no longer followed this format, but the name was kept nevertheless.
That fake McDonald's commercial reminds me just a little of those weird Nestle commercials in the 80s.
Oh not much.
Getting ready to spend a rainy weekend indoors.
And I walked about a block went into Walgreens and it was playing on the P.A. ha ha.
He programs the VCR; it's a lost art.
He can have it so he can watch one thing and record another.
Ha
Actually I used to go to the now-torn-down Bicentennial Park.
I used to like that it would be very quiet and you wouldn't have to walk around all these people taking pictures and things.
Even now you are like "where was Bicentennial Park?"
It's like, east of Millenial Park, across that wavy bridge.
It's being renovated into some place that's meant to attract people now so the ambience is gone.  It used to be very empty.
lol
I guess that makes sense.
Well like, in Java they made a point of setting all the types at a fixed width.
shit was so cash
lol
The finger in the Wendy's chili was better.
Oops
I forgot my clipboard doesn't work in the VM yet.
That's the one.
9>Authorities reported that there was no evidence the finger had been cooked. 
I wonder if we drive around, if we could find HUSH watching it on TV in a bar.
WHERE ARE YOU DRIVING
MIDNIGHT CRUISER
Good song.
I like a lot of the first album.
Their later stuff was more jazz, but the first album was like, classic rock with the detail of jazz.
Yeah the first thing I thought of was this
Ha I heard this story one
s/one/once/
This guy had this clingy girlfriend who would not let go.
So he hatched this plot to try to get her to not want to be with him.
There had been some murder in the area where some body was found in a lake.
So he was like "I have a confession to make...I did it!"
But she turned around and told the police and it took a long time to get him cleared ha ha ha ha.
I would just say that I like to get handjobs at the rest stop or something.
Ha 
I only went once in like the past year and that was to pay my dues.
But I mean to make it over.
I was just thinking yesterday about distinctions in the hacker community.
I read this book, I can't remember which one, that said that there are the nerds vs. the hippies.
And that the hippies considered the problem done when they could think of a solution, but the nerds were interested in the details of it's execution...something of a left-brain/right-brain thing.
That was like, a description of the seventies...I started thinking of what the distinctions were beyond that.
In the eighties, there was 31337 vs. hobbyists.
In the nineties, geeks vs. entrepreneurs.  (This one I haven't really worked out much.)
I'm not sure about the 00's; everyone was depressed.
In the '10s, I think it's the hipsters vs. the creeps.
BEEKMAN-TURNER OVERDRIVE
A lot people like "Takin' Care of Business" but this is my favorite BTO
I'm digging this Coolpix S9700.
Pretty decent price/feature ratio.
And size too.
The built-in wi-fi isn't that impressive.  It basically links it up to a phone app.
So you can upload your pictures right away.
It'd be nice if the camera just ran a file server or web server or something from which to grab the files from all sorts of other places, but they pretty much keep the feature proprietary.
I'm thinking of buying a DSLR at the end of the year when I get my bonus.
mik3 I'm somewhat open; I left a long time to decide because I wanted to really look.
But I like the Nikon D5300
The controls on the Nikon Df look neat because I hate navigating through menus but I'd like to really see if they're set up in a way that makes things quicker.
Plus I'm a little stuck on having a flip-out screen.
Fuck no.
Dude do you have a Long John Silver's
I see those in the little towns along the train route to Kalamazoo.
I'd be like oh fuck yeah.
As it is, the nearest one is miles away.
No idea why some of these restaurants completely avoid the city.
Like DENNY'S.
STEP INSIDE
WALK THIS WAY
YOU AND ME BABE
HEY HEY
You know, I thought "if that's the 'good part', why would they leave it out of the video?"
But then I'm like "why would they want to give away 'the good part' for free?"
Then it made sense.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UIB9Y4OFPs
That's kind-of weird because I would assume those are like, the children of mid gen-Xers, and gen X is gen X because it was a dip in the birth rate.
Or maybe it was like, millenials getting pregnant earlier combined with gen-xer's kids.
I can't think of that ICP funeral without thinking how awkward and disgusting that was.
I mean really, there's that picture with all the relatives sitting in the background while there's an ICP logo of a clown with a meat cleaver on the casket of a stillborn baby.
I was just going through my coin pouch and found this
I might have a buffalo nickel somewhere too.
That one I just noticed on my floor one day, it was weird.
What's up man.
Oh oh sometimes I got a good feeling
I'll tell you next door.
You know what link I was talking about, don't you?
That'd be like one of the worst things to see nine days before you're married.
So if anyone else is getting married next weekend, do not click this
See, they make a big deal out of that, but wouldn't he be expected to do something unrelated if in fact he did not know he left his son in the car?
I can't say I blame them.
Like if a bunch of people were having a conversation and all of a sudden some quote-mining journalists ready to stir up drama were about to swarm into it, I'd shut it down too.
Is this a ThinkPad?
At work they will only let me have a desktop or a laptop and not both, so I can't get a laptop to log in to my desktop for home, which is ironic [for a reason you can probably figure out but I won't post here].
If I mentioned that Microsoft gives their developers a new machine every year or two, I would get the "if all your friends jumped off a bridge..." answer.
I was also told that if I tried to make the case that I like to log in from home so I can turn work over to someone in India at 10pm, or contact people in England at 6am, then someone would ask why the team is so distributed and that they should co-locate it, and either fly me to England every week or two (the cost of which, one way, would cover the laptop), or fire me.
I even offered to buy my own, but they told me that the image they would put on it contains something that goes and registers it as a company asset the first time you start it up.
I found a 60x zoom
And allegedly Canon just patented a lens that gets close to or up to 100x.
I got fascinated with zoom lenses yesterday because I had my new camera in my bag that's pretty small for a 30x zoom, and I was able to almost read the store hours of a grocery store that was really far away using just that.
I knew a guy who lost a bet in college, and every time this other guy put cheese spread on a cracker, he had to come put an olive slice on it.
So we were hanging out in bars and one guy had a box of crackers and a can of Easy Cheese, and the other a jar of olives..
Everywhere.
Everywhere, parking will be bad.
If Rap Genius was made for one album, it was for that one.
I wouldn't have laughed, I would have gone
HOW CAN SHE SLAP?!
HOW CAN SHE SLAP?!
9>Yoo bahstud!
You have to implement those yourself?
That would be.
You know what nobody says anymore?
If that's _____ then I'm _____.
Or 
If _____ then you can call me _____.
It's like the kind of joke Don Rickles would tell or something.
On /Foul-ups, Bleeps, and Blunders/ or something.
I think you might have.
Dude there was one time where Richard Dawson proposed to one of the contestants, some 23 year-old chick and she was haut
Actually, even if you just saw that clip in a dream, that would be way fucken clever, and the idea is still yours.
I love that, when I get really impressed with something I dreamt about and I wake up and like "hey, that's actually /my/ idea!"
If you could do it with bed bugs think of what you could make.
You could use CO2 to attract them, I guess they sense it.
Spiders might not have quite enough to eat.
I remember like 10 years ago there was some kind of weather conditions that was conducive to mosquitos and they were all over, and then spiders followed.
Did you ever see /King of Comedy/?
There's this comedy routine in it, and some review said that it was supposed to be an OK routine, and I thought it sucked, and I wondered if that was another thing about humor being different back then
It's actually a good role for her.
HERE'S SOMETHING YOU NEVER HEAR
EVER
EVER
That video where the women try to steal the canopy has over five million hits.
And they haven't found the perpetrators yet.
9>that look when they don't know what to say
So what happened on DALnet that made everyone move here?
but THAT'S ALL FOR EVERYONE
THAT'S ALL FOR ME
LAST CALL FOR EVERYONE
I love that album.
It's like the Fleetwood Mac white album.
See, to me, there are many white albums.
They are the ones where the band destroys what they were, and it's apparent that it's more about destruction than reinvention.
I used to be able to rattle off a lot of them but my mind is slow.
That'd just be disc 2.
Dude...remember they used to put green onions on Taco Bell stuff, and then there was some problem with them, and they never came back?
Taco Bell was like, one of the only fast food restaurants open late on my college campus so everyone'd go there and it would be this big obnoxious drunkfest.
Dude, there was this time, around Hash Bash 1994.
And for some reason, I was like, real content.
My brother and his friends came up for Hash Bash, then there was like, the Naked Mile after that, which was cool to watch because I got to see this really cute hippy chick who was an RA at my dorm naked and all that, and like, when we went to hash bash and got high I got this blue Hawaiian Punch in a bottle.
Oh and we watched /Slacker/.
There was like that whole Gen X slacker vibe and I was real mellow and all that, halfway through college with the future opening up to me and what-not.
And so like, I knew when I was drinking that blue Hawaiian Punch, that I'd like, remember that period every time I'd have it in the future.
And when I can find it I'm like "wow" and I go back ha ha
Ever fucken notice when you're like college-age, you can spend all day hanging out with your friends, and it seems like the time lasts a LONG time and you do so many things in one day, you look back on one day and you're like man we did all this stuff.
And now you can't even get your apartment clean in the same space of time?
Actually I think you had other shit to worry about when you were that age ha ha
One of my student films was something of a parody of all those movies and stuff.
I can't imagine what it's like to be in film school now.  FIrst of all you can shoot in video and it looks the same if not better.  You could shoot something on your phone that looks better than the S-VHS stuff I shot.
And have access to editing equipment on a $300 computer you can drag to the park and work on on a sunny afternoon.
You could get the thing done just using the time you have on the bus.
Yeah like that's fucken cooler than /The Last Starfigher/ and it was probably made by some broke Russians
I wonder if people even study that stuff, or if they just study something else and just go do the film stuff.
Ha ha
You know the fucken dude from
Mannheim Steamroller
wrote that song
You know dvitous, they could also probably make a pretty good site using pictures from casino parking lots.
Watch it before they take it down again
 /Slacker/ is free
My favorite part of Wayne's World 2
That dude reminds me of Asten for some reason.
Like his face.
You know what?
I've never heard of anyone going on like Blog Talk Radio or Live 365 and doing a shock jock show.
I wonder if you could raise one up, and you know how you get ahead in the shock jock world and it's talking junk about the other shock jocks.
Only you'd be at an advantage because you have no rep and no money is coming in, plus no FCC
Just like it's easier to jack off instead of find a girlfriend.
And then there's this, which I didn't hear about when it happened
Ha ha
You know what that made me think of?
Hey what video is that beek ha ha
I feel more awake than this
I don't remember anything fucked up about getting my wisdom tooth out.
Fuck I even had another molar extracted and it was no big deal.
Dude you have to
ha ha ha
It's like second to last that's the funny part.
You'll know it when you see it.
It's almost as good of a good part as that one Def Leppard good part.
Ha ha ha ha ha
I'M SO ROPE
THEY CALL ME MR. ROPER
WHEN THE TROUBLES ARISE YOU KNOW I'M THE COOL COPER
Still their least-selling album, surprisingly.
P.S. THis is where the sample comes from at the beginning
beek I think you would like Sly and the Family Stone
Especially that album and /Fresh/.
Like this one
That's a weird version of "If You Want Me TO Stay"...I wonder if it's some bootleg...it sounds like there's a little more adornment on it, little guitar flourishes and stuff
This is the one I'm used to
I got into them because I used to set my alarm clock to an oldies station in college and one morning I woke up and heard this and I thought it was really cool and weird
Man I love that stuff just comes in to this little room downstairs not long after I just go ask for it while I'm riding the bus somewhere.
That's so fucken cool.
9>so clever
9>very humor
My favorite year for The Onion was 2000.
Oh fuck ha ha ha ha
9>Shortly before dying, Weiller told emergency medical personnel at St. Luke's Medical Center that he had shot the missile into his nose in the belief that it would travel through his body and out his belly button.
9>"I've heard some pretty stupid shit in my time, but that has to take the cake," said Dr. Anderson Hunt, the attending physician. 
XD
I wonder why it seems they movies are all from the 90s.
I read the book of that.
It wasn't as crazy as /Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas/.
John Holmes?
Oh yeah, it says right there.
My mom had to have a blood transfusion in like 1979 or 1980 and then heard about AIDS later and got really concerned.
Turned out to be A-OK though.
So you can dick a thousand butts before you get HIV.
And I guess that's with an infected partner, which would be something like 3%.
So it's more like 33000
I have that song that goes "I'd rather be a hammer than a nail" in my head now.
Nah, Simon and Garfunkel.
El Condor Pasa
Every time you see one of those panflute guys at the street festivals there's a 1 in 2 chance they're playing it.
Garfunkel really did have a fucken good voice.
That part he sings @1
And Paul Simon, he sounds like some mellow guy, but you hear little things about him that make you go "man that's a prick move".
Like he got mad that he didn't sing on "Bridge Over Troubled Water" instead of Art.
Cuz it got all big and he wanted the attention ha.
And it's like their fucken coolest song, so much that he gives that 4chan gesture of epic win after he sang it once.
Well, not quite, but he still does this little "yes" kinda thing
He did nail it; he can have that.
And Paul Simon admitted that Kodachrome was about him wanting to try to get all these chicks he went out with before he was famous together and see if get them to have sex with each other while he takes pictures now that he's a bad-ass and had all this money.
(No he didn't.)
I get this idea that folk music was full of people who did some weird things.
There's one right there.
9>Genevieve Waite, John's wife at the time MacKenzie claimed the incest first began, denies the allegations, saying they were inconsistent with his character. Michelle Phillips, John's second wife, also stated that she had "every reason to believe [Mackenzie's account is] untrue."
Now I'm like...
...they're like "there wasn't any evidence of that when we were married".  I mean, was he going to /talk/ about it with them??!!  Of course not, he was hiding it.
I always hear about people like that, like who go live in New York and party with all these semi-famous people and do a fuckton of drugs and go to clubs.
And it doesn't sound like that much fun.
It might be.
It would be a lot more fun if it was rock stars, because you're all into music.
But with actors and stuff it's like...I don't know.
     I wonder if I went back to "normal" yogurt, if it would just seem thin and runny.
As opposed to Greek.
And it's funny reading the "Playboy Party Jokes" from as far back as when they used the term "Greek sex".
Is it bad to think that that meant that they opened the casket and saw that only the head was there?
CTA bot is cool even if I can't think of a situation where I'd be on IRC and couldn't get the bus status another way.
Fucken A man.
Someone's gotta put up a few simple ettiquite rules about selfies that can get passed around.
I'm actually serious about this one.
I'm not even talking about the porn ones.
There was another one a few years ago that was bad enough where some girl posted one of her in front of the Viet Nam war memorial...it's like...everythings just a big show and a reason to play with their phone to kids now.
I've got this pretty-expensive air purifier, and when I turn it on, it makes everything smell like that rubber they used to make mouse balls out of.
Back when they had mouse balls.
Is there still that really scary-looking diner right under the tracks?
Well, at least the Argyle station is safe according to that map I posted.
beekur
I gotta feeling about FITX again.
I'm back in.
Look at like, the three-month chart.
Hey man.
Never in my life have I seen a trailer for a trailer.
Also, I saw this woman on the bus who looked like uncle, and I wanted to take a picture of her and post "hey /b/ rate my aunt".
I tried using Google's "visually similar image" search to find a woman who looked like him, but none of them did.
That's uncle.
1.  Go to Google.
2.  Type "sex" in the text box and don't press return.
3.  Why are these the suggestions it gives you?
Oh wait, I meant "Go to YouTube".
VVelox
Welcome.
Still dealing with the leg wounds lol.
I might have told you about it, but my meds for my eye make you retain water.  I started taking long walks for exercise, but that had the effect of bringing all the water down to my ankles and they broke out in these patches and I got an abscess.
Yeah.  I lost a bunch of weight though.
lol Dan Rather at the disco
I remember disco a little bit.
Like watching the Village People and K.C. and the Sunshine Band on American Bandstand.
Disco porn
Our sys admin...is below par.
He is one of those types of people, who, when you tell him what you want, it will end up being one of those things where you start asking questions about what can be done to get it down, and he'll answer them all blankly to give a technically factual answer, but he won't think "this person wants to do ____ so what I can be done about it".  You basically just have to keep poking around trying to find out what questions to ask to try to see if there's a w
ay it can get solved.
I keep going "can you /see/ what I'm trying to do??!!"
mik3
Small office though.
As far as devs though, it is true that we are demanding because we are using the network and it's facilities as a laboratory rather than a workplace.
But we're also trying to figure out how this can get done in like, seven years
When we can't get a VM for a database set up in a month.
Yes
ha ha ha ha
I like how the guy on the right seems to be looking at something else too.
Something /way more important/.
Plus that reminds me of the bar from the .38 Special video.
One of the things I like about .38 Special is that they have two drummers, and it seems that they have two drummers because they possibly knew one of them would end up in a fair bit of trouble if he wasn't kept employed.
Also, you can tell which one it is.
Please tell me it was and not Reddit!
And you know what would be cool?
You know how some bands do full-album covers?
I don't think anyone's done a /video/ cover, where they try to recreate a video shot-for-shot.
And it would be funny to do that one.
Like when I send SMS messages I like to do it imageboard-style and send a picture with every message if I can.
And I'm like "how could I work this into the conversation".
The gen X legendary /Watership Down/ made the list ha ha.
Same thing with /Charlie and the Chocolate Factory/.
And Cultist I have the $99 Kensington trackball fuck yeah.
I don't know what I'll do if they stop making those and mine breaks.
Yeah, I keep forgetting what the other two are for.
But the ball is nice; it's about the size of a raquetball.
Maybe a little smaller.
There used to be this computer store near my house growing up that was staffed with rude teenagers who would laugh at you if you tried to guess the price of a color laser printer after they asked you too, so I went over to the Amiga and stole the mouse ball.
Microsoft also used to make a trackball for kids that was huge, this girl at work said she liked it.
Ha ha
I fucked around bad in programming class.
Me and this guy would get our programs done way early and have DAYS left over after getting assignments done.
So we'd fuck around and write programs that would use the IBM BASIC's "PLAY" command to play music.
And I made one that interlaced PLAY and PRINT statements to print lyrics sync'd with the music.
So I had it playing the bassline to "Oh Yeah" by Yello (AKA the Ferris Bueller's Day Off theme)
And at the right moments it would go
Ooo ow
ow
chicka-chee
chicka-chee-chaaaa
But that wasn't how I fucked around BAD.
One day me and that other guy came up with a plan.
There was this little trick going around where someone would start humming a constant tone in class, you could make it look really inconspicuous.
And other people would join in and it would be everywhere.
So we were like "let's make the computers hum".
So I did one of those PLAY/PRINT programs that would play this low tone and print Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm constantly.
And we took the box of 5 1/4" floppies that belonged to another class.
One of us would copy the program on to it.
The other would copy an AUTOEXEC.BAT that would load it.
People put their disks in and Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Yeah, exactly, we used a smaller opening - we had a riot!
We had Tandys in our class
Oh fuck man you won't believe this.
We're just talking about keyboards and all of a sudden mine won't type a (()))
Oh wait, now it does.
That sucked for a minute
It was weird, I couldn't get a left paren.
But I could get a 9
And I could shift other keys
And it happened in Windows and Linux
Anyways, I was about to say
The teacher saw us and said "you're in trouble deep" and accused us of fucking with the disks and we denied it and she had no proof so it was over just like that.
And I was also going to say
(ha, ha)
I don't think there was anyone else she could have really accused though, we had been fucking with those sound programs.
We had something like a week or two at the end and the other guy started writing a text adventure that involved the school as the map, and you'd find things like this orange sport coat that the principal would wear on game days
I like how you can use YouTube to go visit, without even leaving your room
Fucken exactly; I had all this time to daydream in that class and worked out a lot of the theoretical limitations of MDI.
There's a ton of them in that vid; glad someone else caught on.
Imagine if they let you leave comments on those things.
What's the last album you remember buying on /tape/?
And when?
For me it was /BTO's Greatest/ in 1997.
Cuz I still had a cassette player in my car.
WAIT
WAIT
I NEVER HAD THE CHANCE TO LAUV YOU
NOW I ONLY WANNA SAY I LAUV YOU ONE MORE TIME
I can't even really find a way to spell the way he'd pronounce that.
I think I know, I mean, ah yes, but it's all wrong.  That is I think I disagree.
Ha
Someone made a blog where people talk about movies and stuff that scared them as a kid.
That part that scared me was that guy's eyes rolled back in his head.
Cuz like that was around the time where people were talking about Reye's Syndrome because they'd just started finding out that you shouldn't give your kids aspirin when they have chicken pox or some junk, but you'd hear parents talking about somebody's kid getting it and their eyes would roll back in their heads and they'd do fucked-up shit like start biting people.
I think those have about the same amount of carbs though.
Hmmmm I guess not really
I think I've had some sugar alchohol-sweetened stuff before without a problem.
Though I've heard with some people it's the Olestra™ of sweeteners.
Meaning you shit.
I can't remember if I ever went ahead and had the Olestra chips but I just thought now that it might be worth a shot if I was constipated.
chromepinpi, is pinhead`` your buddy?
Bugles are cooked with coconut oil; that's why they have a ton of cholesterol.
I love those though ha ha.
Bugles were part of a series of snacks that included these as well
And yes, that's an early appearance of muppets.
That's an unusually clear picture for the time.
I like the slogan for Robot City Workshop.
"Make new friends."
chromepinpi, this stuff you type, are you really typing it?
No, the stuff you type on IRC.
Hey
I think I'm connected on a server in Romania.
The letters go all the way there and back.
20 years of IRC and that's still wow.
I don't really like IRC on my pad, even though it's neat I'm in bed now.
It takes too long to type, and I start finding myself not wanting to use correct punctuation or capitalization, or to correct mistakes, which is not my style.
Speaking of that docker thing...
I met two IT guys about three years ago who were TAKEN ABACK by the concept of a VM (as in, a VMWare VM, not a Java VM).
I was like "you can SET UP YOUR SYSTEM on a DRIVE and SEND IT TO US for US TO LOOK AT!"
And me and my co-worker held up these 500GB USB drives and we said "WE'LL EVEN LET YOU KEEP ONE OF THESE DRIVES."
And I was like "and LOOK AT THIS, I don't have ANY DEVELOPMENT SOFTWARE installed directly on my laptop; I DO ALL MY DEVELOPMENT ON VMs".
And they were like "CrAzY!!!!!"
AND
They worked at a major major major major fucken bank.
beek
I can tell that even just from this desk.
No Google Maps Street View.
If you just zoom out and plunk the little orange guy down somewhere randomly, you realize how much of the world is just these big fields.
I'm running around Bangkok looking for whores.
The Street View pictures are taken during the day though so they might not have been out when they were taken.
Another interesting thing is that these places that they make look all dirty and decrepit on like 20/20 or some show like that don't always look as bad.
Like Bangkok doesn't look that bad from what I'm seeing, neither does Mexico City.
Only thing is you see these more "improvised" kind of stores every now and then with hand-painted signs and stuff out on the sidewalk, like they look like some flea market booth in the middle of the commercial district.
But I think that's because over there, people have to fucken do that to survive whereas here you can get money to do not much of anything.
So they wouldn't open the store here.
Oh fuck yeah, even here.
Go to Wing Stop and they eat behind the fucken counter and stuff.
I think in Africa, they're really afraid of it, so people will be scared enough to follow procedures.
Here, it'll be "naaaah that won't happen to me".
Oh
fuck
I almost forgot
TKMR
I have 250 sh @ $19.42
They make an Ebola drug; I've made like 6%+ so far.
I missed the big rally though.
I guess they're going through the procedures and all that and now the FDA is like "well, we'll let you speed things up...."
It's hard to manufacture.
I remember the 1995 outbreak because I was living in Ann Arbor and the news was like
NEXT UP
DETROIT'S CONNECTION TO THE EBOLA VIRUS
And my housemate was like.
"We here at channel 5 encourage you to /panic/."
Yeah, they say you shouldn't stick your dick in crazy.
So I think you shouldn't stick it in zebra pussy either.
Doesn't look like a credible source, though.
Well, even with the 50% survival rate I'm fucked because THEY ARE ACTIVELY SUPRESSING MY IMMUNE SYSTEM WITH DRUGS.
I think it might take a while to even stop that.
I think it was Chris Rock who made the point that Nelson Mandela proved that his wife was worse than an apartheid-era jail.
Because he was in jail for like 25 years or something, got out, and got divorced ha ha
Yeah he looks like Weird Al.
No
I think I'm a little tilted against him unfairly already because a lot of people who I didn't respect much on DU like him.
Abbie Hoffman did a really good troll at the floor of the NYSE.
He got some money, mostly small bills, and just started tossing them over the observation deck, and it started a big fight as these stock trader guys were physically shoving each other to get these small amounts of money.
Speaking of pranks.
castironpi do you say random phrases IRL as well?
Tourette's?
I had something like that when I didn't get to sleep one day.
But it was more like, it was "easy" to keep talking about random phrases that would run through my head after I was finished talking about something else.
It's kind-of a sign that /b/ has changed that people are mourning Robin Williams rather than just saying he was an hero.
He was an hero.
Don't worry, they said.
Be happy, they said.
My favorite was that one where they called the radio show.
The one after that with the news guy is funny too.
I remember the process of going from being annoyed at Encyclopaedia Dramatica to reveling in it's nihilism.
It might be a little bit like the process of becoming a vampire.
Don't look up "Elmer's Wife" on Bing Video.
I wonder whatever happened to Stile Project/Consumption Junction/all that.
eFukt really doesn't come up to that level they used to go to.
We're like, used to this because there was a culture of posting fucked-up stuff on Undernet.
Like tubgirl ha ha.
<shravil> I'm all about the picture
Stuff like that.
Really?
You should go play Super Streetlight Boy.
I never fucken figured out the whole of that.
Wasn't it like, one of them would lie down on the ground by the side of the road under a street light.
And someone would drive by, see it, get concerned, and be like "are you alright?"
And then they'd go "I'm a super streetlight boy!"
And then someone else would whip tennis balls at the concerned driver.
Ha ha ha ha
Was this a tantrum?
lol
That does sound like super streetlight boy though.
Me and my friends used to do the thing with the cans and the fishing line.
It's the kind of thing you do when you're a high school freshman and you can't really "go out" yet.
Like we'd put cans in mailboxes across the street from each other (there was only one pair like that in the whole neighborhood) connected with fishing line.
A car would snag the line and drag the cans and it would make a racket that made it sound like their car all of a sudden broke.
And they'd get out and we'd be hiding somewhere going "ha, ha".
Like we were /literally/ thirteen years old doing this.
It was that or call BBSs and listen to Def Leppard.
I'd actually get a lot of these ideas from reading philes on BBSs come to think about it.
9>Another thing to do is to use light string
        to tie 2 garbage cans together and run the string across the street.
        If you can't figure out what that does, you shouldn't be reading this
        file!
One of these days we'll find out the latina milf is someone famous.
Or the guy with the dusty-looking marionettes.
I think it's better without.
I just like the expressions on the faces ha.
He's seen some junk.
There's a lot of pictures of car parts and other sort of mechanical/HVAC-type stuff that shows up.
Like the leftmost is like "OK, here's my fake smile, this is my job, whatever".
The one just to the right of her is like, thinking of staging an intervention or something.
The rightmost is the most talented, obviosly.
Oh and for some reason these pcitures of this guy having a hot tub party keep showing up on that thing.  I've seen them four times and you'll know it because his pictures fill up the whole page.
Someone on /b/ came up with the brilliant idea of searching for the same patterns that the Random Personal Picture Finder does, only using peer-to-peer networks rather than Bing search.
I remember the two different cab drivers with two different approaches.
And the one who looked like Prince.
But I forgot their names.
I just remember that even Reginald Denny had a few people jump in and help him and drive him to the hospital.
Doesn't this remind you of that swirly stuff they'd play before movies up until the 80s
beek that song I posted is pretty good.
If you like early 70s garage-rockey stuff.
Even though it's new.
If you count it out it's still 4/4
It's not like "Four Sticks" where it goes 5/4 and 6/4.
Or "Heat of the Moment" which is 10/4
Speaking of the heat of the moment...
 THEY'RE CLIMBING IN YOUR WINDOW
THEY'RE SNATCHING YOUR PEOPLE UP
There used to be a Haskell group at PS
Beek do you ever have one of those nights where you look up people you used to know 23 years ago just to see how much they've failed?
It's mainly like people who fucked with me.
Like this guy from this radio/TV/film program who subtly implied that I had no reason to be doing that stuff.
And then I find out he didn't really get many jobs in it after that.
And then ended up working for a real estate company in some office job.
But spent years trying to maintain his hipness credibility by running a website that would list all these art gallery stuff and concerts and stuff for years.
He actually was really early into blogging (Livejournal).
That's one of the coolest buildings.
9>A mob descended on the center at around 5
.weather ABCDE
lol
.weather assbucket
HAH HAH HAH HAH HAH
.weather dickresidue
Hey man.
Oh hey beek
I forgot to tell you.
NLNK
They make an ebola vaccine, and I bought 200 sh @ $26.68.
Actually that other one from last week I sold.
And I sold it just before it dropped.
I guess they said that they don't really have much or any that they could send out right now and it took a dive.
TKMR
I'm keeping an eye on it though.
I think there's more potential for growth with a treatment than a vaccine.
Because I was thinking about it, there are only so many people you can give a vaccine.  It's something like 7 billion people, but still, there's a ceiling on it.
And like, the company is worth something like $500M.  I have no idea how much money they'd make off of each dose of the vaccine, but you can kinda see where if the stock was worth a certain amount they'd be overvalued.
A drug can be hugely expensive though...I think vaccines are just pretty much made the same way.
I'm not sure though.
Oh yeah, just about every biotech startup loses money like crazy and it all hinges on getting approved and stuff.
But now we're in "fuck we gotta do something hey you can send that stuff out and test it on people it couldn't be worse than the virus" mode.
Is pinhead part of this gaggle of morons?
That posts sentence fragments.
I was cooler when it would be about every ten minutes but this is seriously getting distracting.
aNtIs0sHaL was master of the ignore command.
And I was master of making it sound like people were talking about him when they weren't.
I actually really feel bad; I didn't know he was that upset that I'd troll him.
I was just having fun with him; the pirate jokes were just something stupid I'd just do.
I actually thought he was pretty cool.
Oh hey I forgot to tell you.
I still have an autographed picture of Mr. Lexington Steele addressed to you if I ever run into you again.
OK.  Let ulcer still "healing".
s/Let/Leg/
I love getting b& from Chaturbate rooms because you just log off and you're back.
Usually it's for talking about mundane stuff and making distractions like that.
Like back during webcamnow when I'd start talking about the paneling behind them and asking where they got it.
Or there was this one woman who was in the kitchen, and you could see something white coming out of the side of the frame, so I kept accusing her of having toilet in the kitchen until she moved the camera to reveal that it was a waste basket.
That was a long time ago, wasn't it?  Like three years ago?
You had some link that would take you to a random cam.
That's coming from /the very last person I would expect to be saying that/.
Ha
You know, they don't really show much of it, they just show you enough to let you know that it's actually kind-of difficult.
I don't understand why they make stuff like that.
Like the point of the video is, what?  "You did something we don't like, so we're in our base killing ur dood."
Because we could just be like "yeah and we could kill a hundred of your doodz in a few seconds and fly right away".
Like who is supposed to feel menaced?
That came out of someone's ear.
This is bad but I get pissed off at animals when they think they are "bad" ha
So I got outta TKMR and NLNK and lost like $300 (but I had previously made like $942 so that was a win) and am back into EAPH.
I DON'T WANNA BE A PINHEAD NO MORE
I JUST MET A NURSE THAT I COULD GO FOR
I normally don't make fan-made music videos, but this one is a standout
Oh hey beek, check out this magazine cover
Knowing that, she would probably be down to get her asshole licked.
That's because it's mine too.
I think it's funny when sperglords blert random shit.
Accuweather is the only weather service that I know of to have the balls to have a minute-by-minute forecast.
Like it says "rain will start in 1 min".
Lincoln Park is good
beek
you're going to miss all the good porn!
*ahem*
Unless you're on some rudimentary phone/pad IRC client
beek
There's something I posted before, but my ISP was having problems, and I'm not sure that it got through.
That.
I should get that picture of TrblClef showing her green thong as a canvas print.
I wonder if she figured out what happened the first time she got divorced.
And then she got divorced and started coming around again.
And then got married and stopped again.
pure simplicity is HEMI's site, right?
Ha dude she's way better than Kim Fields.
I thought she looked haut in that Minnie Mouse dress.
P.S. Mickey and Minnie are getting divorced.  The judge says "Mickey, I can't grant you a divorce just because you say that Minnie is crazy."
And Mickey says
"I didn't say she was crazy, I said she was fuckin' Goofy."
Did she say this?
Dude you gotta share the logs.
That's because the keyring stopped.
Even though I said "THE KEYRING WILL NOT STOP".
That was my conspiracy against the spergl- I mean Arbiter.
To sap all the real Chicago people from #chicago and put them in #chicagochat.
Because he b& me but I could still see who was in there.
Wait are you talking about "mo"?
She was looking for money.
I heard that from someone on EFnet later, she moved through there and was more explicit about it.
My overall impression was that she had isshas.
Yeah she was 37 when I was 27.
I was seriously bent on some fucken revenge against Arbiter though.
But then again I was like 25 so there was possible issues with the structures in my brain that process risk not being fully developed.
No, he was one of the people who was there before Romanians took over.
When it was actually a channel.
He b& me because I was a n00b or something, and I was gonna shoot his ass up with paintballs outside of Cesar's after they had their party there.
Nah, never even encountered him IRL.
I remember the time I started thinking "you know, I should just let this go".
They call that "growing up".
Reputation now is for fucken forever though.
There will be a bunch of shit about Adria Richards all over the place fifty years from now.
Was there the Hacker Jeopardy back when you went to DEF CON?
I was at 17 and 18.
Aw man, I was away for a few minutes.
At the Riviera, some guys in the scavenger hunt stole a floor mat from the Alexis Park for the scavenger hunt.
I don't get these people who go there and spend all their time doing something like that though.
Like a fuckton on plane tickets and room to run around looking for stuff.
Or even CTF the whole time.
Like this is what happens now (Hacker Jeopardy is a tradition that goes back years)
That happened to me a few times over the years.
Is this a person talking?  Show me your cock.
Oh hey beek
I found this place that makes thin-crust pizza, only the crust is like that crust of the really cheap "party pizzas" that's so good.
Except the toppings are like, normal like a normal pizzeria.
Ha dude I fucken love that thread.
And it's partially because the guy steers his way through it pretty well.
This one's all blurry though.
Oh hey dude.
Look what I found.
I doubt the thing about leaving his wife is true, though.
Oh fuck look at the last one.
Turkey's done.
He said he like, sells 'em.
It would be cool if I could discover that I could do something that's in rare but expensive demand like that.
And make money on a sideline that was like, not too hectic.
Here goes another one man
Someone posted it again lol
The title kind-of ruins some of the subtlety, I think.
That keeps ending up in YLYL but I think it's pretty bad-ass.
Fuck yeah olives in the Jell-O, I wonder if that's good.
Eh girl
I'm having a busy time trying to take care of all this junk, and I wonder if it's the same or more work than it is trying to work and take care of a family.
Oh iike I have this fucken leg wound I have to dress and all that, stuff I let go around the house, all that.
You know, it's really stupid thinking that a 9 year-old kid can keep an Uzi steady while it's firing rounds.
And that whole episode reminds me of
Though it's the parent that was stupid that time.
Yo dawg we heard you like rings on your fingers.
Hey beekor.
It's like the 9/11 of nude leaks today.
beekor I just posted something next door!
Well you know my rules of thumb man.
But here it is anyways
lel
"He" is the guy who is also in one of the leaked photos.
It's starting to be called "the fappening".
I'm not sure.  I haven't saved any.
They'll always be out there and easy to get.
This is more the kind of thing I save
Someone posted the list, there's barely been a dent made in it so far
Probably the most detailed article I've seen on it.
One almost wants to make a separate chart of browsers that are still supported.
Ha ha
Someone posted "Sarah Jessica Parker sex video leaked".
But they posted a picture of horses humping.
If someone is determined to become an hero, I think it would be cool to see them wedge their head under a tire and have someone run over it.
Because I want to see if it explodes like a really full water balloon.
Oh no the Survivor lead singer died.
I was just thinking of music like that and "Highway To The Danger Zone" like last week.
lol
See this is what I don't get
If I was moot, I'd be sweating sugar cubes this weekend.
Like I'd be sitting right there nuking everything like that.
And dispatching mods and all that.
But that's been up for a /half hour/.
I have that theory that the Ashcroft came in and said "we could bust you for not doing enough to prevent CP on /b/, but we'll let you go if you give us the logs any time we ask" or and turned it into a big honeypot.
And then he got so many requests that he said "hey, I'll make an ID system that's a hash of IP + thread date + key and you won't have to ask me for it" and that's why there's IDs in /b/.
The hole in my theory is that they'd probably want to do that in /pol/ too but here's no ID.
They had some explanation like it'll promote post quality but it didn't make sense to me.
I didn't think that people were samefagging that much.
You used to be able to get the IP from tripcodes if they used them, that's why there is the "secure tripcode".
SAY SAY SAY WHAT YOU WANT
BUT DON'T PLAY GAMES WITH MY AFFECTION
TAKE TAKE TAKE WHAT YOU NEED
BUT DON'T LEAVE ME WITH NO DIRECTION
Oh no
Look in the catalog and you'll see why I said that.
Hey beekor
I'm just realizing.
Oh ha
he's gone
Did you move there beekor?
Maybe you can hang out with ruxxell if he doesn't make plans to hang out and then just find an opportunity to have sex with some girl and then just go do that instead.
I used to double-book plans when we'd go plan to hang out.
ONe day Zomby was like "you wanna hang out and _____'s house" and I was like "probably, because I have plans to hang out with ruxxell".
And we ended up hanging out with these /indy rawk/ girls.
Zomby took note of some of the names of the bands they were talking about.
And came back on channel the next day.
9><ZombyWoof> Do you like The Magnetic Fields?
9><ruxxell> yeah, why?
9><ZombyWoof> These girls we hung out with last night were into them.
9><ruxxell> WHAT?!  YOU HUNG OUT WITH INDY RAWK GIRLS AND I MISSED IT, I'M SORRY I MISSED IT OH NO
He even /msg'd me the next day too like "I'm sorry, I'll try to hang out with you guys more"
I remember he was thinking of breaking up with this girl because she liked a different type of indy rawk than he did.
Like I don't care if a girl likes garage rock.
Though it would be cool if they did because if they do they're almost always into vintage porn as well.
I wonder if these cut-up pieces of conversation are actually quotes from before.
Because that chromepinpi thing sounds like something I'd write, and it had the proper capitalization and punctuation like I'd write, too.
Actually, no.  Only one space between sentences.
That's a no-no.
Anyways, I think I'll go to Subway and get a sandwich and be back in like a half-hour.
If you see shravil, ask him if he knows anything about the azathioprine shortage.
It's this drug I have to take, but a bunch of transplant patients have to take it doo.
And if they miss it, they're FUCKED.
The body starts rejecting their organ.
It would have been funny if he laid down next to a post in the reception hall until someone wonders what's going on and he says "I'm a super streetlight boy".
I didn't know that that was an ear until like last year.
But I hadn't looked at it un-folded like that.
hello ball
hello Tevatron
Hello Captain Crunch
Hello !@#$!#@$#!@$!#@$!@#$!@#$!@
Hello
Fuck you Tevatron
What if I put hello in the middle of a sentence?
 hello
 Hello
Ha beek_ when were you here?
I see that le edgy face got recaptured 100 yards away from the prison.
Lonnie swept the play room
And he swallowed up all he found
It was fourty-eight hours til Lonnie came arooooooooound
BRING BACK
THE BOSTON RAG
TELL ALL YOUR BUDDIES THAT IT AIN'T NO DRAG
I think that's because the school shooting wasn't random.
I only heard about it at the end of the trial when he put on le edgy face
I wonder why whoever put that up put it over and over like eight times
There was some other guy who trolled people during his closing statement in the nineties.
But I can't remember his name.
That guy
I told my shrink I wanted to smoke weed to relax because it was better than Xanax.
I did when they gave me some to take before an MRI.
(Psssst...tell them you're claustrophobic.)
I did just a whiff of crystal meth once.
It was like 1 A.M. and felt like 1 P.M.
Who is fucken old enough
to remember this 
before Chuck E. Cheese or Showbiz
Ha
Now I want some jelly.
Wow k3vin.
She never even let me put my hand betwixt her cleavage despite knowing how much I wanted to.
WHAT?!
THEY TOOK DOWN ASS SMOOTIE
SMOOTHIE
Maybe next time.
This one is porn
Yeah I didn't notice that.
I was watching this again and it's an example of my personal baaaaw
Especially when he barely makes it through the introduction.
She had died that morning.
No a/c?
And you're using up your battery?
Drive to Vegas.
Go to a porno theater.
Ladies get in for free.
And they've got a/c.
Not much.
Been doing work around the apartment.
I live above one of the crawlspaces where all the plumbing stuff is.
\And when it gets cold, bugs that liked the dampness down there start looking for another place to live.
My job is to make sure that they don't like my place.  P.S.
Go out and motivate them.
I remember when fucken Nike Air came out.
Felt like springs on my shoes.
OK so tonight's theme is...
"Forgotten 80s"
My whole purpose is to get people to say "OH YEAH I REMEMBER THAT".
Because they forgot it.
But then I remembered that there are only like two other people who could possibly even do that here.
OK so this next one is gonna feature some really heavy-duty state-of-the-art technology so be ready.
What do you know about high voltage?
I wonder if they deliberately picked a bunch of people with unusual faces, so that you're not sure if the transition is done yet.
Alright, two more.
Me finding this one recently was the impetus for this playlist.
It sounded better before I saw the video.
Like they played it on WLAV when it came out.
That one I just posted reminded me a little too much of T'pau.
omgpwny do you like Dead or Alive?\
(This stupid Inland keyboard has the backslash key in the wrong place and I keep hitting it along with/instead of "enter".)
Is rms kill?
I guess not, but weev made it sound like that.
When he said "now that the world is done taking from him", it sounded like Richard Stallman had died.
Even though I disagree with rms about some stuff, I try to defend him by saying that it's useful to have one person take an extreme position on one pole of the argument, just so that you'd know what that position would look like.
Like they do a lot of work fleshing out the theory.
Oh yeah, I knew a guy who got a chance to go see him somewhere, and he was talking to someone else and put his hand down his pants to scratch himself right out in the open.
And my friend was like "oh well, I'll just shake his other hand" but then he did it with the other hand too.
I guess my point is that he might be autistic or something (I'm not making fun of that because I think most geeks are to some extent, including myself, I'm just saying that there may be a psychiatric rather than an ideological reason for his social issues).
My sperglord fascination when I was a kid was studying maps and the way that cities develop, and how the theory behind it changed over time.
It all started with a map of this area
A teacher taught us why there was that triangular formation of roads near the bottom, and I got fascinated with the reasons that things like that are developed.
weev's essay has a lot of the word "should" in it.
Hey beekor
That is nuts.
It still puzzles me that there are people who are "pro-ana".
Pretty advanced special effects for a video of that time.
So this very obese woman tried to go on this pro-ana diet and didn't even make it three weeks
And we get to see that on the blog.
Actually, she just stopped writing, so maybe she did continue it.
I just think it's weird that she'd go directly to anorexic without trying a different diet.
omgpwny there's this David Bowie art exhibit in Chicago right now.
Some guy I know was going to go Friday; maybe he'll tell me about it at work tomorrow.
I'm surprised they even let that on the Internet officially like that.
Much better
I didn't know this until rather recently, but I guess that the reason that there were videos before MTV was so that they could be shown on variety shows.
And the Beatles had started that because everyone wanted them on their variety show but they couldn't possibly do them all.
>1. when purging. stick your finger as far down as you can and keep them their until you can’t anymore. this will be hard the first few times but it’ll get easier after time. if your having trouble with 2 fingers, use 3 fingers, it works really well.
What I don't get is why bulimics don't just spit the food out before they swallow it.\
I guess that's still bad for you, but doesn't seem as bad as puking.
Are you speaking of /Tougher Than Leather/ by Run-DMC?
If so, that album contains my favorite track by them.
Aw yeah.
This is it
My junior high and high school were about 1/2 black so I got exposed to a lot of hip-hop during the golden age of sampling which I thought was really cool.
I remember this guy in marching band when we were at band camp let me listen to this tape which he said was "house music", only it wasn't because it was more like the backing track of hip hop and not like disco, and there were a fuckton of samples of old funk and all that and it changed pretty rapidly and just kept going on and on and I was amazed.
That's what really got me into it, I was into the music.
And you know what?  I never found out who made that or really ever found any other DJ stuff that came close to that ever.
Maybe some of the beats in /Paul's Boutique/ but even that didn't seem half as "dense" as this did.
Part of it too was that 70s stuff wasn't old enough to be played on oldies stations, but it was too old for regular radio, so it seemed "obscure" when DJs would sample it.
And it wasn't like now where you could hear music of any era on demand.
And some of it was like, really crazy sounding and dissonant, this was one of the tracks that really got me interested
Like I wondered where they snagged that weird sound effect, and that little sax part, they didn't even care that it was in a different key, but it sounded cool that way.
So we were talking about weev the other day, because weev was defending Richard Stallman.
Now, this doesn't have anything to do with that, but I guess weev, is a NAZI now, WTF?!
Maybe he joined up with them in jail in order to get protection.
Maybe it's a shoop and he's trolling the Nazis.
What's she shouting about?
I looks like a chunk of Jack Link's kippered beef steak.
I got my tonsils out when I was 12, which was pretty late for that, but anyways, I went to the ENT doctor beforehand and he took out two big chunks of earwax during my exam and they were BLACK.
One in each ear.
That's the only time I've had it removed by a doctor; I guess it doesn't clog up like that anymore.
Doesn't that look like a little crock of bacon bits?  But it's not.
They tried to make a candle out of ear wax on /Mythbusters/ once.
It didn't work.
But when they were melting it up I guess the fumes were pretty nasty, the azn dude and that other dude that isn't the two main dudes kept almost hurling.
So beek are you a fan of *arena rock*?
Holmes didn't Burger King have a Reese's pie at some point?
Why BK doesn't do better than McDonald's I'll never know.
beek dude does your town have a Pizza Hut?
That's why you get onion rings.
With "Zesty Sauce".
Best fucken fries were Checkers/Rally's.
Or fucken.
Little Buster's remember that?
They took over some Checkers locations.
There used to be a Checkers on Halsted isn't that insane?  Some drive thru fast food in the middle of prime real estate territory.
Denny's used to have fucken steak fries.
Even Park Rapids Minnesota has a Burger King.
beek the oil has changed.
They used beef tallow when we were kids.
Back when they didn't even need Happy Meals for kids to want to go there.
They had those playgrounds though.
You ever go to the McDonaldland in Villa Park when you were a kid?
Like the original 70s version?
I like that blog a lot.
It has pictures of all these stores that were already old when I was a kid.
The kind that would still have that machine to test your TV tubes.
Or the little booth that showed cartoons that never worked but like once.
And the one time it worked I thought it was lame, even though I was a kid and thought that most vending machines were cool in and of themselves.
EquuaPotesta_lap, are you the same guy as "lhot"?\
Where does your name come from?
Are you a furry?
TELL THE TRUTH.
Oh.
This lhot guy was a furry.  I didn't mind that, I was just wondering.
lol the_edge
Cuz it's like The Edge from U2.
9>tfw your music will never be as cool as gen X had
I'm not sure the millenials have come up with anything other than "really?" and "awkward".
Ha
I like "really?".
Hmmmm, I am a fat guy with a beard (goatee, I told you I was gen X).
I used to study film when I was in college.
(In the nineties.)
I switched to computer science.
Yes, and as a matter of fact one of my projects was a sendup of those types of movies (Reality Bites/Slacker, that kind of thing).
EquuaPotesta_lap is the king of all media.\
the_edge_ did you see /Slacker/?
That's the real Gen X film.
EquuaPotesta_lap have you ever heard of the "cherub" program at Northwestern?
I got accepted to that in 1991 and went.
And a couple people that were in that when I was in it went to become big.
Like Eric Kripke, the creator of /Supernatural/ and /Revolution/.
It's a summer program for between your junior and senior year, and they have different areas like radio/TV/film (all one program),  theater, journalism, that stuff.
I think they might have math too.
Oh shit
ha
hold on
I'll let you in on a secret that few people know.
You can have it.
So EquuaPotesta_lap
Like I said, this guy is a major dude and created two TV series, one of which is still running.
We're still bummed that Kurt Cobain became an hero.
OK so dude.
This is that same guy, before he was famous
Just don't tell anyone where you heard that.
I don't think it would either.
Ha
I could tell you other stories but they'll have to wait.
Including when we met the president of Buena Vista Television.
Oh yeah, Pee Wee had been in that program years before, and when we were attending he got arrested.
Yeah it was hilarious.
He was acting like he was giving us the secret of a very rich man, which he was to be fair.
And saying "and that, is how you make A LOT OF MONEY!!"
Like we'd be real impressed.
We also met the censor from SNL.
Oh I'm sorry, I'm mixing stories up, the Buena Vista guy was the one imparting advice.
Anyways, if I'm on chat me up and I can tell you about taking film classes, though stuff has changed quite a bit on the practice side.
Theory, you can get away with a lot of bullshit writing papers lol.
Just write them /real early/, show the TA at office hours and ask them what they think, change it to suit and you'll practically get an A.
Ah OK
i was thinking about film students the other day, it must be real fun not having a bunch of technical/logistical snags.
Yeah, but finance not games.
Like one of my projects  worked on with these other guys got knocked down to a B- partly because I wrote to the tape in both VHS and SVHS and there'd be these huge "thunks" as the VCR had to transition.
To fix something like that would take hours if I had even noticed it, now it' a non-issue.
Plus you had to book editing time and be there.
They probably don't even bother with film anymore at the undergrad level or until late in the game, we had film but it would be 8mm and thus barely even worth it.
Junk quality and hard to work with.
So with all that out of the way you could make way cooler stuff, change it real late into the project if you wanted and make it really cool if you had more time, etcetera.
They used to call digital video editing "non-linear editing", that was what seemed amazing back then, was you weren't bound to the tape as a linear media.
Oh yeah
I worked at a news station
And like, they'd use Beta, which was actually always cooler, better quality, and it was the standard in news even into the nineties.
I think it was because they were really early adopters.
But if you wanted to edit something, you had to have frames laid down on the destination tape.
Otherwise, there'd be no reference for the tracking on the destination deck.
Like you couldn't say "I want to write starting at this frame" unless there was something on the tape already, because there would be no frames to reference where to put it.
So what you'd do was "black" a tape, just copy from this other tape that just had black on it, and that would put frames on it.
So this guy was editing a news piece.
And he was getting pretty far into it, and what do you know, the tape wasn't completely blacked and the blacking ran out partway through, and he'd been editing on it and ran into the part where the blacking stopped.
He was PISSED.
Wasn't the end of the world because he could just copy what he had onto another tape that was blacked and start where he left off, but that all had to be done in real time and if there wasn't a tape sitting around already blacked he'd have to wait through the blacking process too.
And then you'd load all the tapes on a cart in order of how they were supposed to appear with numbers.
If you ever saw someone in a news office running, it was like an ambulance, everyone would move to the side and let you through.
Because you had to physically move the tapes to where the decks were to play them.
Within 10 years every bit of that was probably all unnecessary.
I had that internship in 1993, I can imagine maybe even by 2000 it was all digital even at local stations.
Yeah.
Oh
And we'd get stories and footage from other stations nationwide.
But no internet.
So what they'd do was, NBC had this sattelite feed all day, and we just had decks recording it, and they'd play the video in real time and we'd just have it on another Beta tape like that.
And there'd be someone on talking about "ok, we'll have this footage at XX
And every now and then something would happen over by our station and we'd get to beam something to NBC, and they'd have to reserve a window of time for us to send it up to the sattelite for them to get, then they'd send it back on that feed everyone was recording.
Which was a big deal, you were sending it into SPACE.
OH
And when the president would have like a news conference or something, we'd get those feeds live
But sometimes they'd be broadcasting a little before the actual speech, I got to see Bill Clinton acting mean to people before he was "on" lol
And someone goofing around leaning into the frame, I think it might have been George Stephaopolous, you'd see that stuff all the time.
Yeah.
It was kinda like this
Stephanopolous was White House press secretary back then and whoever leaned looked like him, that's why I think it was him.
Ironically, the Clinton speech was before a similar event, he also launched a very short attack against Iraq, and the speech was about that.
He was at his desk.
That one.
Presidents get pretty worn out by the time they leave office.
Like look at him then and then before his terms were up.
Yeah they all leave with grey hair and alll that except for Reagan.
Who claimed he used a "special shampoo".
lol
Did patients have to be moved?
Oh no
Is it a real small hospital?
I take it that this was some sort of leak?
WTF man is that like an ostrich dick?
Hey beek
How is the flood?
I hope they let you take some time off later in the week or something.
This was the song I really liked from that album
There's kind-of a They Might Be Giants mood you have to be in.
One thing's for sure though, there's no music like that anymore because hipsters are either trying to be too cool or not putting much effort into something.
Maybe her husband doesn't lick her ass and you could make an introduction that way.
I like fall too.
That was kind-of a neat idea.  I had the Stewart Copeland album.
And I just found out the theme song from that sitcom from that summer program I posted was on one of those albums.
Thank you Sound Hound.
All this time I thought it was some really obscure song from a royalty-free background music CD such as the type you find in the editing room of a college.
It's not built-in, is it?
9> The nurse entered the priest's room twice
Oh fuck
I think I'm pretty much a goner if I get that because I take immunosuppressants intentionally.
EquuaPotesta_lap, I came up with a better way of making grilled cheese.
Put bread in the toaster and toast it, put the cheese between it and microwave i the rest of the way.
That way you won't burn it and ruin your pans and/or set the smoke alarm off.
Yeah but cleanup is real easy.
Like if the cheese gets on the pan it's real fucken hard to get off.
I just realized I could make it at work that way too fuck yeah.
Dude you gotta like watch it the whole time
beek
Take one of the Euler Problems and do it!
9>I'm an adult
He should add a verse about grilled cheese.
Nah
WAY underrated band.
I have a theory that a bunch of the songs on the second side form a rock opera about being friendzoned and trolling.
And I have a theory that the Smithereens really bit off them when they put out this
Basically I'd describe them as this
Like the Violent Femmes are really good at writing songs about being in high school, The Pursuit of Happiness are really good at writing songs about being in your twenties.
Micro Center is the best for getting little flash drives as far as I can tell.
Or at least the most-consistently cheap.
I just bought a pre-built.
It was a PowerSpec though.
That one.
They have a cheap Linux box in there.
Meh
Ha you think?
I have a feeling that Ashe Dryden didn't even read the article though.  I don't think she would have adopted that tone if she'd read
9>Lee Ann Allman, a creator of the app, says she was inspired to make it after talking with her college-aged kids about sexual assault on campuses across the country. They “are very aware of what's happening, and they’re worried about it, but they’re confused about what to do. They don’t know how they should be approaching somebody they’re interested in,” she told me.
9>Meanwhile, “kids are so used to having technology that helps them with issues in their lives” that Allman believes the app will help facilitate necessary conversations, encourage them to consider their level of intoxication, and remind young people that consent to sex should be affirmatively given and can be revoked at any time.
True about the article.
What I'm lamenting is that we're in an age where it's easier to form a mob than to dig into the facts about whom the mob is formed against.
And I think that she still could have done that.
She wasn't reacting to anything though.
The app itself, I'd agree, there's issues with, but that's not what I thought was messed up.
It was just that she was painting a fellow feminist as a rape enabler and probably didn't even know who she was.
I could point out dozens of other times where activists have jumped the gun on Twitter, and those are problems too, but in order for me to point that out I have to wait for an example of a "friendly fire" incident like this or else I'd be accused of "derailing".
Alright.  Good talking to you though.
What does Ruby do that Java doesn't?
Hey what's up.
I had something for you that you might like.
Next door.
I was remembering fucken...bowling today.
Be cool just to go and have a reunion.
Ha
omgpwny appears to be busy.
9>session
That's pretty disturbing, man.
I wonder how much she'd cost to get fixed.
It looks intentional too.
I saw on one of those shows where the people go to the storage locker auction, that one of the lockers had almost nothing in it but a RealDoll.
It basically looked like someone would go there to have sex with it.
I think there might have been a mattress too, and a crack or meth pipe.
So the story about the angry girlfriend, is that like, you see this fucked up picture and make up a story to explain what happened?
Someone wrote a famous play like that.
That would be interesting.
At UM we had to take this class about writing essays, it was basically like, let's make sure everyone can write.
So Zomby was on a floor with a bunch of hockey players, and one of them was in this essay class where the teacher was like "I want you to write about an event that changed your life".
The guy was like "That's none of her business!  She can't make me write about something like that!"
So he decided to make it up.
He said that he met this girl, but she had this strange family.
And then he went over for dinner, but the whole family tied him up and kept him in the basement and tortured him for a month.
And the story took place like, within a year of him writing it.
And he got an "A" and the teacher wrote that he seemed to be very resilient despite the experience.
I fucked around once in eighth grade, in English class, when I didn't really get along with the teacher.
I had to do a book report, and it turned out that we had this period where she was sick and we had substitute teachers.
So I got up and did my book report in front of the class whent he subtitute was there, and made up the book, and the "book" was basically the story of the teacher who wasn't there.
You know who else we haven't heard from lately?
No idea.
ITT
beekor done-in his head lol.
One of the last times I got high was at Racie's (yeah back then) and I had one hit of that and done-in my head.
And I fucken was like "man who are these people I'm hanging out with" (don't worry you weren't there, but I think Marko1138 was) and was like "I gotta quit IRC".
Ha ha
I remember thinking you were the pimp because like, you came to the party and Kellee was like all excited you were there and came over and kissed you ha ha.
That was like a year and a half later.
I think Clarisse might have been too but I'm not sure.
I got this crank-call once back around the time that Marko1138 had had that tryst with Racie but she was just trying to make ScribbleJ mad.
And I barely heard what they were saying but I heard "got to quit, you just got to quit" or something.
It was muffled.
And I think it had something to do with when we were bowling and Marko1138 kept staring at her looking betrayed so she was like "hey, I'm gonna keep flirting with you tonight so he backs off".
Which I guess I was cool with.
She was cute, but she'd do things like be like "he let's go to the _____ festival in two weeks" and then the day before she'd be like "I'm broke".
Never fell for it though.  I'd be like "aw, sorry to hear that, maybe we can go to the [some other] festival in two weeks"
You had the sense that she was way smarter than she led on too.
Because law #21 is
mik3
"Do not commit to anyone"
You should have one trigger that goes "YOU MAY HAVE A MIND, BUT YOU HAVEN'T MASTERED IT" and kick you.
I thought that was fucken Monty Python, but it was just a Benny Hill sketch that really seemed like a Monty Python sketch.
beekor, a dermatologist I saw suggested "leaky gut syndrome" might be the cause of a lot of autoimmune diseases.
But they don't know much about it and a bunch of quacks are filling the void.
The idea is that our diet is fucking up our intestines and making them more permeable, junk gets into our bloodstream and our immune system is reacting.
He did give me two studies to look at.
beekor have you been on 8chan.co yet (AKA "Infinite Chan")
It's kinda lame.
I mean, outside of the boards that just copy 4chan.
There's all these ones that remind me of peoples' Twitter feeds where it's one message and then abandoned, a lot of them about individual video games.
Oh shoot, they have a board where they get BIG LULZ from raids and invasions, branded on the Anonymous website with an "/i/".
"rave" lol
I used to have an impressive (happy) hardcore collection but I haven't bought any in like years.
I used to listen to stuff like that and keep drinking iced tea while I'd work.
I'm my shorts.
So the sidecar guy steers?
Or moves around to balance the thing?
It looks like it's a contest of who's not afraid to get on the driver.
Hmmmm
Clipboard didn't get the new link.
Well enjoy that tune again I guess lol.
WTF
One more time.
That one.
It's about s sidecar.
omgpwny
I hope I didn't send you on an hours-long distraction yesterday.
I should learn how to swim.
My elementary school had a pool, which was rare, but one day I ended up underwater for a little longer than I was comfortable with and I'd skip swimming class all the time.
Because I had this idea that adults don't give a fuck about you and I might drown someday.  I didn't realize that that would be a big deal.
So I never really learned because of that.
beekor
I just realized something about ∞chan.
It's not making any money whatsoever.
If it grows too fast, it's done for.
My favorite dish at the Chinatown Lao Sze Chuan is #503.
(The numbers are different at the other ones.)
Looks like the anons aren't happy
Yeah beekor it looks like someone got moot's birthdate wrong and tried to correct it with another entry.
I just realized something beekor.
The Gen X counterculture was just called "alternative".
Which I didn't notice until now is really funny.
It's got the same generic quality that "Generation X" is supposed to convey.
original
Those little "action cameras" are going to catch so much messed-up stuff.
Probably a bunch of head injuries too.
The one thing that doesn't make sense about that whole thing is
OK maybe two things, or two things acting in concert as one.
1.  As long as I've known it, 4chan has had really precise moderation.  It's not like a lot of boards where they'll decide a whole thread is too difficult to go through and moderate; they've been good about only deleting as much as is forbidden.
Yeah, like they'll only delete the stuff that's against the rules, not whole threads or threads they think will go somewhere bad.  At least that's how it used to be.
But
2.  They obviously check if a thread is Gamergate-related, why not just check if it actually has dox in it before deleting it.
Because that's supposed to be the real issue, right?  They don't want personal information in the thread, and that's why they've been getting rid of Gamergate.
Allegedly the address showed up on 8 and then right after that the Twitter threats came, but nobody there seems to remember the former.
The stuff about Tumblr seems fake.
In that chat log.
Actually a lot of that sounds fake because it has a lot of cliches in it.
Like that Cracked is an SJW haven, and moot is friends with Anita Sarkeesian.
"and now we're friends through online communication" who talks like that.
There used to be this image people would pass around that alleged some big SRS conspiracy, and that a bunch of people who dominate Something Awful boards became SRS.
Yeah I'm thinking this is fake.
People in the log say things in an offhand way that somehow hit right on the mark of certain contentious issues.
Like calling it "Gamerhate", which touches this nerve about people being accused of pushing it out of raw hate.
"I'm glad we're addressing this issue in a hostile way" why would they put it like that?
Rather than "strong" or "decisive" or something.
"Dammit I fucking hate those nerds" lol
It's like bad TV cop show dialogue.
Like it's like...
I went to this summer program on radio/TV/film in high school, I think you were here when I was talking about it like a week ago.
And the professor who was giving these seminars did this really funny thing.
If you'll recall, /The Love Boat/ used to have like three or four stories going on at once, and they would just go back and forth between them.
Well, he took all of the segments for one story, and edited them back to back, so the video was only the parts involving that one story.
And it was really fucken funny.
Because you'd notice that four times, the characters would somehow work in the plot up to that point into the beginning of the conversation, and their roles in it, so you'd be able to switch back to that context and understand what was going on.
So their conversation was crafted to present some information to the viewer, rather than represent a realistic converation.
And that's what this seems like, people keep saying things that play into certain accusations people make about 4chan, or would push the buttons of a lot of people there.
Like that they laugh off issues of free speech, etcetera.
And there's very little extraneous stuff, there's even explicit sections that were excised.
Oh dude
I found the exact episode he used.
Ha
Did you ask if his name was "PantherX"?
I think the point is similar to Engrish.com
Where they put English words on t-shirts without really knowing how they'll be interpreted.
Dude that site is STILL UP.
I can't believe it.
Monkeys are all disappointed they don't get junk food lol.
Alright I'll be back
dinner
beekor I'm finding there there are a lot of little ways that ∞chan is superior.
The .gifs animate in-place.
There's a link next to the image that will download it as the file name that it was uploaded as.
Little things like that scattered throughout the software.
moot '98 is #1, moot '88 is #3.
moot w/ J. Law is #6.
Honestly I think what happened is maybe this
moot got threatened with some big legal action and decided it was so big that he'd not just lock the dox but a wide perimeter around it.
I think that's all that's going on.
"I will not buy this record, it is scratched."
I also learned that the Tenga Flip Hole Red is more realistic, but the Tenga Flip Hole Black is tighter.
Not by experience, though.
<CrazyMug> I also learned that the Tenga Flip Hole Red is more realistic, but the Tenga Flip Hole Black is tighter.
That right there.
beekor
A few weeks maybe
liek a month
So beekor
I plugged my iPod into my computer and it said there was a song on my iPod that wasn't on my iTunes for some reason.
And it was "big balls".
Is that Ms. Mack?\
I guess not, because she has a coiled-up snake on her back, not some feather mask.
Now this is going to bug me.
Where is omgpwny; I think she'd like that.
Or baristatam.
beekor did you see Hotwheels on Huffington Post?
I think the discussion of online threats is a very very important one, but here we see the subject derailing the topic herself by continuing to insist that the entirety of ∞chan is a "hate site".
Someday people will have to learn that the minute you inject some hyperbole in the discussion, you are pretty much asking for the discussion to be about whether or not the hyperbole is true.
omgpwny!
beekor just posted something
Ha
Yes, and I said I wishd you were here because you'd like it.
But don't let anyone else see it!
We're trying to find out who it is.
(Every time I do this, she disappears for hours.)
Ha
Getting high?
Do you really want me to answer that in front of all these people?
Ah.  It was due to your interest in photography.
What did you think it was going to be?
Ah OK, I thought you also like anal.
The ones I posted next door a couple days ago are more of /what you just said/.
dimaa were you the one who got the weird letter?
Someone here said something about getting a letter about someone had died in their apartment or something.
beekor
You live in Virginia?
No, I forgot where you moved to.
Delaware?
Oh, Vermont.
OK
I thought it was Virginia.
I was going to have you track down this guy and take his picture so everyone can stop wondering
Because everyone's like "how can that be" but I guess it's true.
I was a pretty big fan in high school, and then in college when gRuNgE got big it was interesting to see them have a go at rOcKiNg OuT but still sound like Depeche Mode.
>"I read Martin Gore wants to shoot me. He was is in Depeche Mode. Do you realise how weird and stupid that makes you?"
XD
But even back then, I'd kinda make fun of them in my mind.
Per example, when they showed this on /120 Minutes/
That part it fast-forwards to, where he's singing "understand me", you see him and think like "you're kinda not helping me to".
They vary.
 /Black Celebration/ and /Music for the Masses/ are the albums that are like..."they put a lot of effort into this..."
Like that, I love how half of it sounds like classical, and then some of it sounds electronic, and then part of it sounds like it could be classical instruments, only it's like impossible for acoustic instruments to sound like that.
Or that it took me 20 years to find out wasn't about an abusive gay relationship, but heroin.
Is it a "flushometer" toilet, like you'd see in, say, an office building?
John_Hunk
Who says "hunk" anymore?
1983
"Hunk" is so old that it sounds as old as "broad" did back when people said "hunk".
When you click on it, it looks like it's going to take a long time to load, but stick with it, it's only like ten frames.
I got a tooth implant two days ago, I didn't know if I mentioned it.
For some reason, it hasn't hurt much at all.
beekor you heard about that right?\
There are literally 1900+ boards on Infinichan now.
It's starting to remind me of alt.barney.die.die.die.die/alt.sadistic-dentists.drill.drill.drill.drill/etcetera.
9>"Barney is on the receiving end of more hostility than just about any other popular cultural icon I can think of. Parents admit to a cordial dislike of the saccharine saurian, and no self-respecting second-grader will admit to liking Barney."
Oh wow it was cancelled five years ago.
I would have been upset if it had run longer than /Sesame Street/ had been on at the time that Barney first started.
I'd consider going if there were many things I could eat with this tooth implant healing.
How does someone even notice something like that?\
Oh wow beekor.
I found a really good one.
Maybe I'll like it better than you because it's my favorite Michael Jackson song.
I like his songs where you picture him HAVING SEX to get in some situation.
Which is usually trouble.
This is the coolest music video I've seen in a long time.
And you can tell I'm almost 40 because it's a year old before I saw it.
DONT FAST FORWQARD IT
YOU WILL BE REWARDED FOR YOUR PATIENCE
EquuaPotesta_lap.
What do you think of this here #gamergate?
EquuaPotesta_lap, I was going to think that you were pro-deaththreats until you explicitly disclaimed being so.
So it was good that you said that.
The pro-gamergate people have gotten threats too but no one talks about that.
One of the journalists who decided to give it fair coverage or something got a syringe in the mail.
I guess that's my dog in this fight, is that I've gotten really sick of coercive SJW tactics to control narratives and deflect criticism.
beekor will attest that I was a pretty far-left liberal ten years ago, but over time I went edgy lolbertarian over things like that.
Ha
Without getting into a big thing, I realized that when there are big systems to take advantage of (for good purposes or ill), you start really raising the stakes involved for people who see them as a prize, and they'll start to do some really crazy things to get ahold of them.
And kinda the more you get away from building civic systems on top of the idea of people exchanging value for value, the more creative (or treacherous) people get in finding other ways to manipulate other people.
Because you go from one way in which people deal with each other, to thousands.
Wow man.
What kind of car did you just get?
mik3 there's something wrong with Tevatron.
There's no way I've only said "lolbertarian" twice in nine months.
<<1413613754.32	
.stats a2m
JamieDoe2, are you "LameJane
chiburbs is your name Asten?
There was this guy who went by the name "Asten" who had a blog called "Blogging in the Burbs".
Stuff like that makes me 
Like the garage rock that came right before punk rawk.
hoots lol
I met the dude that came up with that show /Supernatural/ back when we were both like 16.
beekor I noticed this weird thing.
Like on a Saturday, or probably any day, I get that urge to leave the house and do something at least once.
Like it's some hunting or gathering instinct.
And once that's over, I can go back and don't really have that urge.
It could be something as simple as getting something to eat for a half hour.
What are you doing now?
Your mama's so dumb, she brought a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Your mama's so short, when she gets on the bus she's gotta slam-dunk the change.
So what kind of job is it?
Remember that if you don't like a job you shouldn't take it.
I wonder where he is.
It's good that he could meet someone and settle down because otherwise he'd turn into Elliot Rodger maybe.
He was really into material things.
I think that's the one where he points out that his sunglasses cost $300.
Yeah maybe the family made suggestions as to who he should marry for strategic purposes.
Ha
The company that I work for gives you little gifts for things like, working there for 15 years.
And they give you a choice from some catalog, and one of those was expensive sunglesses but I'm like "I'd lose thm".
I had these awesome Body Glove ones in 1990 and I thought I was awesome and looked like David Gahan or something when I wore them.
Ha
Dude did you see the Kevin Spacey one?
I'll look for it.
What the fuck man.
I go check my Google "account" to see if I had accidentally signed up for Google+ yet and come to find out it's been tracking all my movements through my cell phone for who  knows how long.
Google is way more evil than Microsoft ever was.
Way more, like an order of magnitude.
Serious, what did Microsoft do?  Bundle a browser with the OS?  Pfffft.
Add a couple things to Java?  Pfffft.
Yeah.
If you were Something Awful, would you put up a sign you could see from the road that announced where your office was?
220 N State Route 7, Pleasant Hill, MO 64080
4chan is something of a spin-off.
Like before I knew about 4chan, and I'd see some meme, I'd think "that must be one of those things the Something Awful guys pass around".
Such as "I'm in ur base killing ur doodz"
Or "but I poop from there".
But I never really went there much at all.
"You don't care what other people think."
Like there's this feminist out there who supports the Gamergate investigations despite the fact that she's one of very few, and they call her "based mom".
That's Based Mom.
lol
I usually put it this way
If I were to say that I disagree with the SJWs on some issues, you could quickly find out which issues I agree with them on.
Which ones are those?
A large number of the ones they would accuse me of not agreeing with them on when I say that I disagree with them on some issues.
jbk
 /Animals/ could have been such a cool album.
If they had put some more work into it.
And hadn't copied /Nineteen Eighty-Four/, especially in a half-baked way.
No one does, lol.
I like "Dogs" though.
Ironically, I use it to get me pumped up at work.
Hello JamieDoe
beekor I just had a thought.
After the singularity when our brains are uploaded into computers, ours really won't change much.
It will just be people on IRC.
Yeah and endless chat log.
Even that song could have been better if it wasn't so much noodling in the middle.
I love the chords though.
Also beekor I have this plan for a Choo-Wah album called /Metal/ which is patterned after /Mettle/.
Instead of the cover being an ear underwater it will be a medal underwater in some puddle, like at the side of a curb or something.
And the second side would also be called "Echoes", only it would be a half hour of this dialup voice chat like echoing.
Oh fuck also man, if you've never seen that "Echoes" vs. /2001
It's way better than /Dark Side of the Moon/ vs. /The Wizard of Oz/.
Ha that's a bad sign, seeing as you can tell order the skits by best to worst.
I guess they write 40 skits and then pick like ten.
This is my favorite SNL skit.
And it was like, one of the last ones that night, from what I remember.
Ha I loved that skit.
CRUSH MY SKULL IN WITH THE MICROWAVE
And Jon Lovitz started getting the giggles a few times.
I think I've figured out something about that mother from the Honey Boo Boo show.
I think the reason that her eyes always look half-closed is that the chin is weighing down on her throat and constricting it, and she's not getting enough oxygen, so she ends up spending the day in a half-fainting state.
I saw an old picture with the mother from like ten years ago, and she didn't have the chin, and there was this other guy she was dating who's thinner now, and they've reversed weight.
It's that guy she was dating who was the reason for the show being cancelled, on TMZ
We were talking about Pink Floyd, now I don't want to listen to them because of that guy's shirt now.
No, the thin picture is years ago.
And yeah, someone would date her, but the guy is a sex offender.
That's why TMZ is all into that story, the show got cancelled because she was dating him, and she denied it, but they got pictures of them hanging out together.
Wasn't that whole thing a huge troll?
I didn't hear about it until it was done.
But that "Mama June" thing is fucked up, I always thought that she was about making big money and that was the whole point of the show and the pageants and all that, so it's weird that she'd basically give it up for this creepy guy.
Like I read somewhere, someone was speculating that she had four kids from four different fathers because you get more child support money that way.
Because each father's first kid brings in more money than the same number of kids from one father.
Ha that might be true though.
I think a big part of the things that lottery winners go through has to do with people wanting a piece of their cash and not really caring what they do to get it because they figure the person they're taking it from didn't deserve it either.
Like Abraham Shakespeare
This guy who got murdered by his girlfriend.
He had all these people arond him wanting his lottery winnings, and she came up saying "hey, I want to write a book about how everyone treats you after you win the lottery and how they leech off you" and he was like "OK" but it was a plot to get close to him and leech off him.
And she killed him.
It was around the time of the Jodi Arias trial and I thought that one was more interesting, but it didn't get all that coverage.
It was funny because when they found his body, the news caught up with the girlfriend and she was like "they're accusing me of coming right up to him and pulling the trigger" and then they show the sherrif like "that's really interesting, because we didn't say anything about how he died" lol
And people on the news and stuff just liked to say his name
Ah did it FF to the part?
Yeah that looks like something weird before /b/.
My brother and his friend made a video for a school project that was supposed to be funny, and they went and tried to find weird footage off of cable TV just to see what they could put in there, and ended up finding it on educational stuff from the 70s like you'd see when you were home sick.
Ha you ever do that when you were a kid?  You'd have a fever and be home all day, and there'd be weird stuff on PBS.
Per example
I started lamenting how YouTube was kind-of replacing public access TV, until I saw that it can sometimes be better
She's figured out that people call her "Based Mom"
beekor you there?
Once you read that you'll shit brix.
Hi omgpwny
Oh nothing much.
dvitous, you ever get approached by those people selling t-shirts at street fairs that say "STOP BITCHING, START A REVOLUTION".
Ah.
They were a cult.
But I bought their CD because I was curious as to what it sounded like, having heard the Charles Manson record years before.
It was pretty bad, but it didn't sound like "cult music".
It was more like that really bad song on the first Stooges album that's like ten minutes long.
Anyways, they ended up selling their commune, and the girl that sold me the CD is on some blog talking about how it was kind-of stupid living there, though she didn't say it was terrifying or anything.
More just that they had to work a lot to keep it going and they didn't get much ownership of it.
Oh that's cool.
.webm files look to confuse Tevatron.
Especially that particular one.
Yeah lol
Ha
It messes with your mind man.
Out of all the examples, that's the only one where I was like "whoah".
Like I never thought that Nelson Mandela had actually died in the 80s.
I think that might have happened because there was this thing called "Mandela Day" in like 1988 or 1989, but he was still alive and still in jail.
But probably people thought of it as a "commemorative" thing if they didn't know much.
I think that might have been the last vinyl record I bought.
And even that was more because I don't think I could get it on CD; it was a 12-inch.
9>tfw they keep talking about him being imprisoned 25 years ago, and it's been longer than that that the song has been out
It doesn't seem they play that one anymore.
She did a real killer version of "Beat It"
Oh the sync is all fucked up on that one.
Here's another
I think I'll go to Wing Stop.
I like fucken
lemon pepper
and original hot
I had the super hot but it just tasted like you were eating some sort of acid that had been extracted from peppers, not peppers themselves
The mango habanero wasn't bad, and that's like the second hottest.
YOU SEE THIS CASH?
THAT'S OBSCENE PROFIT.
YOU SEE THESE ROCKS?
THE FIENDS WANT IT.
YOU SEE THESE POUNDS?
YOU NEED CHRONIC.
I TREAT THE PAVEMENT LIKE TAMPAX CUZ SOME BITCHES BLEED ON IT.
jhe_chi
lol
The only thing is that people would have plenty of warning that that's going to happen.
There was a manager at work who basically saw Kurzweil's theory of accellerating returns as inevitable and that we'd all have our brains uploaded into a computer and all that.
And then later, like years later, I remarked that the theory is flawed.
Because it seems like technology sweeps us up and makes us obey it's pace.
But it's not really technology doing that by itself.
It's /other people/ making the demands on us, not technology.  They justify the greater demands by saying that it's now technologically possible, but it's still their demands driving it, and not the state of technology itself.
Yeah but what does that do for anybody?
Like you could say maybe in about 2001 or 2002, that everyone's got a cell phone now and are expected to be always connected, and the techology is making us do that.  But it's really just other peoples' demands, the technology isn't making us do that.
jhe_chi you know what a Dagwood sandwich is, right?
(Millenials.)
Alright yeah.
jhe_chi where were you for like the last twelve hours?  I think I mentioned that at like 2 a m
also, that is pronounced with spaces between each character.  Not especially long spaces, but they still don't run togther like when you say other things.
Not like
2
A
M
But 2 a m
I went to Weiner's Circle at night, that was the first time I went at night when they're rude to you.
I figured you had to be rude to them first for them to do that but I guess they try to make that an attraction now and just do it.
Maybe we can see if they try to flim flam the zim zam.
I'd actually be worried about doing that even as a stunt because it seems he goes off.
Like I wonder if he has a brain abnormality like Charles Lopez.
Or Whitman, what the fuck.
Maybe I have one.
Or , maybe bring an SJW you there and see what happens when they get called "sweet tits" and they have to work out all the intersectionality before they decide how to react.
s/you there/in there/
P.S. There is no Dagwood broker.
You know what?  Fuck it.
#chicagometro
Let's go
Except for the stoners
So who would do that, put this channel on there?
It's probably someone who goes on IRC from their phone and doesn't know how to do multiple channels.
jhe_chi, I don't mean to be so harsh and all that, but it seems weird that people would be so open in front of a bunch of strangers.
I think it might just be a combination of people getting used to putting all sorts of stuff on social media and the fact that it's looking like it will get (more) legal.
It's not really about despising stoners if I keep them from being v&
It's not really about despising stoners if I keep them from being v&
v& == vanned == arrested
Because she'd talk about smoking.
You're not thinking about things like that if they spend any appreciable time here looking for someone selling and they don't find what they're looking for, they'll start looking for things to justify the time spent.
Like going for users in order to get them to rat on their dealers
Right (I just said that).
I think that when you're on Reddit talking about it, you give people the idea that it's no big deal.
They get bold and eager.
Your sample is biased toward people who haven't yet learned the hard way not to do that.
How did you establish that?  Talking to people who haven't been caught|?
You're thinking of what a cop would do if they saw someone smoking it in the park, not what they'd do when they had some idea to make a big bust, put resources into it, and only found smokers.
I'd believe that.
I think you're half my age.
I wonder how that works.
9>Recent research into how the brain develops suggests that people are better equipped to make major life decisions in their late 20s than earlier in the decade. The brain, once thought to be fully grown after puberty, is still evolving into its adult shape well into a person's third decade, pruning away unused connections and strengthening those that remain, scientists say.
Hmmmm no
Every now and then I burp and it smells like that landfill by the Eisenhower and Mannheim Road.
Must be high methane content.
I guess that Michael Jackson prosecutor died.
I like when he rocks out even thought that song is really butthurt.
So beekor are you still up?\
ah
Where did you hear this?
If you wonder what various bar associations say you should vote for when you are voting to retain/remove judges, there it is.
Ha
I think that place is mainly a meat market.\
Classes are like two sessions a lot of times.
Or they are thinly-veiled advertisements for local businesses.
Like there'll be something like "intro to rock-climbing equipment, taught by the owner of The Rock Climbing Equipment Store located in River North"
9>Learn Bondage and Domination techniques as taught by The Dominas of the Continuum in an actual dungeon.
There must be fifty ways to troll that class.
I'm tempted to go there with that Polaroid Cube I was talking about across the street, especially considering that I'm turning forty next week, and forty (not forty-one or thirty-nine) is like, the Florida of ages.
Oh beekor you're not on EFnet - someone's sending me a Polaroid Cube for my birthday and I'm thinking of things to do with it.
Yeah it's like, their answer to Go Pro.
But it's cheaper, and neat-looking.
I think it will really take off, basically it's cheap enough for people who wouldn't by a Go Pro, so people who aren't into all those sports will get them to film general hijinks and what not.
It's got a little magnet on the bottom so you can stick it to things.
I had this idea for a little USB drive app once.
Basically it would contain an autorun, and that autorun would just start pulling off as much embarassing stuff off the computer as it could in prioritized order.
Or anything you tell it to in a pre-configured fashion, maybe there'd be a list - "try getting this first, then this, then this".
And the program could sense when you pulled out the drive and stop itself.
It would be for like quick getting dirt on someone if they let you use their box.
At Def Con this guy mapped out a lot of stuff about the Chinese cyber army just from publicly available information and piecing parts of it together.
He was like "I just lay on my couch doing this"
If you ever go out there beekor let me know, it was really fun the couple times I went.
Oh fuck I think Thotcon tickets are there already
I'm looking for that Def Con video but their site is so slow.
Maybe people are DDOSing to protest the lack of ethics in gaming journalism.
Hmmmm I can't find that talk.
There's another one called "The Power of Chinese Security" but that's not it.
Anyways I'm gonna go get something to eat
b__k_r
Someone posted a murder thread on 4chan, media started picking up on it, threads are getting deleted, fingers are getting pointed, #everythingisonfire
8chan.co looked to have gotten DDOS'd too but I'm not sure.
I posted a theory about it though.
Just get crime scene photos, bunches of them.  Then listen to the scanner for a murder,  Pick the photos that match, post them, and then tell everyone to watch the news.
Someone wouldn't have to get too many "categories" of murders to get a rough match, and  it's just for a few hours of trolling, of course they'll find out that they're not real within like 24 hours but it's a few hours of lulz.
b__k_r you know the worst thing about that Berenstain Bears thing is?
That it reminds you of "the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit".
Way underrated band
b__k_r, I'm thinking of making Zomby a "mid-life crisis mix".
For his birthday.
So far I've picked
"Take The Long Way Home" by Supertramp
"Total Eclipse of the Heart" by Bonnie Tyler
"Hey Nineteen" by Steely Dan
I'm thinking of ending it with "Life Begins At Forty" by John Lennon (he died right after that lol).
Yeah.
Two.
I was thinking of another one "Midnight Cruiser" by Steely Dan, which is kind-of a positive one.
"Hey Nineteen" is creepy because you don't know if the references to drugs/alcohol at the end mean he was just at a bar getting drunk because he couldn't pick up the nineteen year-old, if he actually did and got bored and just got wasted to get through the date, or if he got her wasted.
"Hazy Shade of Winter"
"Night Moves"...the ending kind-of fits, even if he was only about thirty at the time...
I think at one time I thought "Dancing In The Dark" but that's actually about writer's block.
There's this new copypasta someone's putting all over the place that starts "Do you realize the shitstorm thats going to rain down on this website once the mainstream media..."
No, a while ago I think he bought a Dodge Charger.
He went pretty "alpha" a while back and it was a little odd.
He went back to Russia for a while with his wife and he was saying I should go there too and get one.
But I know shit like, they can go back and take your kids, still get child support even if they've broken the custody agreement by fleeing, and collect the same amount which will allow them to live comfortably as well as your children.
I think she's taken.
lol
I love it when someone posts an animated .gif that has nothing to do with the OP.
b__k_r
I wonder if she'll make this face
Jennifer Aniston
Hey
My Polaroid Cube came in.
 /b/ is really quiet and awkward now that someone got murdered.
It feels like the day after 9/11 there or something.
Yatalac
I went on Google Image Search trying to find if anyone else has had earwax as black as the chunks which were removed from my ear before I got my tonsils out.
I only found one that's really like it
lol
Actually it would be my aim to get this one
Worst-case scenario
beek_r knows I'm paranoid about stuff.
But then I find inconsistencies in my paranoia and realize that the paranoia is thus mostly related to feels.
I wish there was a fucken record store that didn't open all the fucken CDs before you buy them (I'm talking about Reckless yeah).
Takes me like an hour and a half to go to Rolling Stones and so I don't go often.
I guess this is some smoking gun to /gg/ but I don't know who any of the people involved are
I said something similar ("who are all these people they're talking about?") to something I posted a few months ago and it turned out to be the whole catalyst to the thing.
I haven't had cable since 1995; do people still put interesting things on public access?
You know what I've been thinking lately?
Things are so easy to do, that they probably don't get done.
By this, I mean
Like when I was about ten years old, I'd watch public access and I thought it was neat but they wouldn't let me fuck with anything because I was ten, so I took a class on video production when I was eleven and basically kind worked my way into being able to do stuff at public access eventually when I was sixteen, and then because I had all those certs, people with bands and stuff would want me to put them on TV so I did that.
But now it's like, I can make a video with my phone any time that's better quality than anything from 25 years ago and edit it all cool, and for some reason it's something I can always do, but I'd never go do it.
It's hard to explain.
It's like, because the only thing needed is that initiative, it's harder to get going.
The public access stuff I used to watch when I was ten was this show that these guys - I think they were just volunteers at the station - would put between two other shows, and they'd just be behind this desk taking calls on whatever and goofing around.
And it was unusual because they were hippies and it was 1985 and no one was still a hippy then.
So it was funny as fuck, me and my friends used to make fun of them.
One of them even drew a picture of one of the hippies in art class, they were like an inside joke.
And then, about seven, eight years later, it turned out that one of the hippies was the uncle of this girl I was friends with and I got to meet him ha.
omgpwny
You ever hear of a band named King Tuff?
I heard this song by them when I was in the record store yesterday and they sounded like T. Rex.
Which seems like it would kinda suck that they would be a wanna-be, but Spacehog was Bowie wannabes and they were pretty cool.
Yeah I'm just saying, sometimes wanna-bes are still pretty good.
That's the one I heard.
I might go pick that up next week.
Make a dick lego.
Ha
I found this place in Chicago that makes this thin crust pizza, but it's not soft like that New York style that you fold, it's crispy.
And it's like flakey too, and it's just like having one of thost Totino's party pizzas except with really good toppings and sauce instead.
Well not just like but you know.
That's the place.
I remember the first time I had a Chicago-style pizza, it actually wasn't in Chicago.
For some reason when I'd be over at my Chicagoland relatives, we'd never order one or go out for one.
But it was in Ann Arbor, some place was like "we make Chicago-style pizza" so I got one.
And I don't know why, but this girl who wanted to get it (in college) wanted...actually, I'll start that over.
I don't know why, but this place actually offered baked potato slices as a topping.
And this guy's girlfriend who was over there when we ordered it wanted it (who would want that).
But isn't it like, filling you up without really adding flavor?
So I bit into this, and I knew the toppings were inside, but still, they were hot as fuck and some piece of potato burned the upper part of the back part of my mouth really fucken bad.
So I kinda have this aversion to Chicago-style.
P.T. BOAT ON THE WAY TO HAVANA
I USED TO MAKE A LIVING, MAN, PICKING THE BANANA
I read this book about industrial espionage and how to social engineer.
And this guy went and got information about this DiGiorno pizza factory, like how many pizzas they could produce, that was being built, by pretending he was a local cardboard manufacturer and wanted to sell them the discs to go under the pizzas.
Oh and fucken something else I saw when I was at the record store that wasn't there before...
ONE TWO THREE FOUR FIVE SIX SEVEN EIGHT
SCHLEMIEL
SCHLIMAZZEL
HASENPFEFFER INCORPORATED
Shlemiel – an inept, clumsy person
Shlemazl – unlucky person (from Yiddish shlimazl, from German schlimm ‘bad’ and Yiddish mazl ‘luck’). The difference between a shlemiel and a schlemazl is described through the aphorism, “A shlemiel is somebody who often spills his soup; a shlemazl is the person the soup lands on.”
Hasenpfeffer is rabbit stew so I think they were actually referring to the soup thing.
The first time I saw breakdancing, Penny Marshall introduced it.
On /The New Show/.
I thought that was so fucken cool.
That was a recurring skit from /The New Show/.
It was basically something Lorne Michaels did while he was waiting to get reinstated as producer of /Saturday Night Live/, only ran like 12 episodes.
But it was on way earlier so I could watch it when I was 9.
9>It was the lowest rated of 94 programs that aired during the 1983–84 television season, averaging a dismal 7.81 household rating.
Ha ha, I thought it was funny.  I might have seen every episode.
That was like, the first time I had heard of phone sex, and even then I thought it was really stupid.
b__k_r
Be sure to go to Olive Garden or some place tomorrow and get a free meal.
Ha.
My brother was a member of the Moose lodge.
I wonder how organizations like that do nowadays.
People forget that before social media there were IRL things to do.
Ha
Do you live near any Abenaki reservations?  I wonder if they'd take me back.
They're more native Canadian than American but you know, that border didn't really exist.
I don't have enough of a blood quantum to get free college or anything.
Neither did Zomby
But he's like Ottawa or Chippewa or something from Western Michigan.
His dad is more into it and did peyote or something ceremonially.
My grandfather had the "FREE LEONARD PELTIER" sticker on his old truck and a shirt like this
Me and my brother thought it was funny because it made him look like he was into Rage Against The Machine.
b__k_r I hope you got a free lunch!
And omgpwny I hope you checked out that King Tuff video.
I just realized something about that Jefferson Starship song.
9>I had a taste of the real world when I went down on you, girl.
I'm not female, but if I was, I don't know how I'd take that line.
I had always thought that it was s/when/then/ but I guess not.
I think the "hierarchy of control" is something of a strawman.  I'm somewhat elitist as far as a hierarchy of competence.
Like every now and then I encounter someone who does not have respect for the engineering ethic that your decisions should be motivated.
And is brazen about it.
For instance, there was this guy I worked with, and we were designing some methods which were members of an object.
There were some parameters passed to the method which only had relevance to that method.  They did not describe state of the object.
So I was like, yeah, these are parameters.
And he was like "we should instead set them as properties of the object and then call the method".
So many things that can go wrong with that, right?
I'm like "why would you want to do that?"
And he's like "it's a new way of object-oriented programming".
I was like no.
And so he waited until I was on vacation and changed my code then, thinking that I would not notice.
Oh fuck man.
Ha ha ha ha.
I thought a little more about that and looked it up on Google to find out where it came from and saw where you got it.
And it goes on to say
9> Please think before referring people to links such as this one, which combine suggestions for making support requests with a casual attitude of superiority over the newbie.
And that link he links to is one of my favorite HOWTOs.
Ah.
I use one of those old-school safety razors (I think it's a Merkur?), which is a little old-school.
Not bad, blades are cheap at Family Dollar.
The thing I really like is the shave soap, mixing it up in the morning.
Like lime-coconut or bay rum and all that.
Pretty cool site.
So you're gonna shave with a knife like that?
I think they'd be tense if there were astronauts in it, but since there isn't they'd just be "it crashed and blew up lol".
That's weird though, that they'd doing stuff like using each other's laptops, like they didn't have the roles sorted out beforehand.
You look at old-school space stuff and everything was thought out.
Ha they're talking about doing something important but almost everyone left.
SHE'S SO FRENCH
SHE DOES THAT THING THAT DRIVES ME CRAZY
I just like to be that guy who just starts singing real loud some song that tangentially has to do with what people are talking about.
Like this
hA
I used to know people who'd just like, start RPGing without any sheets or charts or anything while they were walking around to do other things.
Like some guy would just start acting as DM and make up some story and then people would make some choice and roll the dice, that's all they used was dice.
Nah, they wouldn't act out battles, it was like storytelling with choices and dice.
There was this guy from BBSs who worked at a Subway and a bunch of other BBS people would gather there close to when it closed, and we'd hang out while he closed the place.
Then we'd go to Meijer's and make crank calls from the pay phone.
Based on ads that were on the cork board near it.
"You're selling a gun?  OK, I need it NOW."
Yeah but I'm not playing "hookey".
Ha ha ha
Oh wow.
There was a guy on Undernet who got mad at me because I posted a link to porn and he clicked on it.
Later he implied that he was at work and that's why, but it was like 8pm or later.
And then he wouldn't deny that his wife barred him from looking at pr0n and that was the real reason why.
I only bring it up when he fucks with me and so I wanted everyone to know the background in case I want to use my sEcReT wEaPoN again.
He's not barred anymore; the story itself is the weapon, not the porn.
But even though he got divorced and re-married he still won't admit or deny it.
I don't really care, it's his business, it's just that it makes him mad when I bring it up so lol.
I think you're just being passive aggressive because of the chicagotrees thing but whatever.
If you see someone drowning lol.
If I were being passive-agressive, I would point out that you are too young to know vi.
There's this new copypasta that popped up in response to the 4chan murder which makes me lol because it's basically mocking /pol/ and their conspiracy theories.
I think it starts out "Do you realize the shitstorm that's gonna rain down on this website..."
Yeah that's weird.
The first time I saw it, I had stayed out too late hanging out with my brother and his roommate and his friends from Columbia College so I crashed on the couch of his un-airconditioned apartment during like 90-degree weather.
I woke up early because it was just so hot it was hard to sleep (my ear filled with sweat), turned the TV on with little sleep and dehydration, and this weird stuff is on.
Like they repeat the story four times and they're talking this weird gibberish
This guy I work with remotely is a brony, but he doesn't mention it explictly.
I just know that his browser was skinned with a /My Little Pony/ theme.
When he shared his screen.
tl;dr
I remember like, way way back on IRC, when there really were no girls on the Internet, someone thought I was female and within ten seconds I got "I'd love to pamper you" in /msg lol.
Like 1994ish.
The interesting things about privilege is that you don't know you have it.

I was having a blood test at UIC hospital once and the phlebotomist pulled out her phone, did something on it using the screen, and went on to draw the blood with the same gloves she used to touch the screen.
So fucking disgusting.
That's why I'm like if ebola comes in any real way we're fucked.
THIS WAS A TRAINED PROFESSIONAL, WHO DOES THIS ONE THING ALL DAY.
The funny part is at the beginning when this elephant has this lion fully biting his back and he's just swinging it around like it's nothing.
Like it's some little pest
Sure, the gloves aren't sterile, but I think they'd be a lot less so after you've been jabbing people.
Oh wow man, I just thought of one thing to do with my Polaroid Cube.
Strap it to my head and go to a bunch of Black Friday sales.
Then try to grab the stuff like I wanna buy it, but just give it to other people and see if I get my ass beat by someone else who wanted it.
World Star
That thing is cool BTW; I don't know if I got back to anyone about it.
When you say "now", do you mean that right this minute you're at work?
You should give us the number and we can try calling it and goofing off.
He can train you in how to handle obscene phone calls.
Ha
I saw a vid where they took a refrigerator box and even tigers do that.
I get these fucken things in my apartment in the fall, there's these tiny bugs which I think are sawtooth grain beetles, I think they live in the crawlspace under my apartment where there are all these pipes, and when it gets cold they start trying to move for a couple days in the fall.
Then there's a bunch of dead once because I don't leave anything for them to eat, I guess their diet is really limited and they eat grains, mold (which is probably what they have in the crawlspace) and that's like it.
It's gross though, this time I happened to be home on the first cold day and I was like WTF is going on, I saw like ten of them.
They're tiny, like 2mm.
Yeah, like sometimes people find them in bags of birdseed.
Yeah it will be like one or two days in the fall.
And it will be once it gets below like 50 degrees for the firs time
omgpwny_
Check this out this is weird
FFwd it to 6
This camera has this effect that makes your pictures look like the buildings are in a model train set or something even though they are real, it fucks with your mind.
Especially when you try to figure out how it makes it look that way.
It will be cool when you are satoned also.
It looks like the little houses at the end of Mr. Roger's Neighborhood or some junk.
Hey man.
I think I'm gonna get something to eat.
WE CAN LIVE BESIDE THE OCEAN
LEAVE THE FIRE BEHIND
SWIM OUT PAST THE BREAKERS
WATCH THE WORLD DIE
That must suck when you are a rock star and you and everyone else knows that you had one really good song, so good that it kept your other songs on the radio that weren't really much good at all.
Actually take that back, I liked the welfare Christmas one.
And "Father of Mine".
The weird one was "Volvo-Driving Soccer Mom".
Because without propagation of the species we wouldn't have gotten so far as to land on a comet.
This one
The video for that looks stupid though.
He's in a SUIT.
Like when I heard that song, I just pictured two people waking up and not having presents for each other but just enjoying that they could sleep in and smoke cigarettes in the morning
But b__k_r here goes
Next time trblclef comes on lets ask her how hers compares to Ms. Kardashian.
Man, I'd like to see if she could keep my whole face warm in this kind of weather actually,
So Kim I guess is 38-26.5-40
And she's only 5'2".
TrblClef was 5'10" and said that her hips were 8" bigger than her waist so I guess Kim would wn.
Appropriate as in, fitting this conversation, or appropriate as in SFW
I kinda realized something today.  Millenials don't have crude conversations like this it seems.
Like they're overall more open about sex, but as a result because the terms of engagement about it are more defined they are more respectful.
Whereas the terms for genXers were less defined so you just took shots in the dark with regard to boundraries of acceptability.
And sometimes you'd find them accepted, sometimes not, but even if you fucked up, people were more willing to adjust.
Because there were fewer rules due to the silence.
I think that's a genuine generation gap.
Course I could be completely wrong.
I can't say I have, but if I move somewhere like the suburbs it might be more possible as there would be more room.
I've seen what you are talking about though.
b__k_r isn't tinychat like the Brady Bunch grids?
b__kur
You ever listen to the first Def Leppard album?
 /On Through The Night/?
Pretty good.
They're sold out.  
I remember fucken, when I was in junior high, thinking it was funny that Jefferson Airplane listed a "spiritual advisor" in the credits of /Surrealistic Pillow/.
I went back and tried to see who it was and it's /Jerry Garcia/.
Ha
I didn't know who he was.
I remember like the day he died, I lived accross the street from this grocery/party store and I went in there to pick up some food.
And these girls who worked there were making some jokes, and one of them mentioned a song that went
BRING ME THE HEAD
BRING ME THE HEAD
...of Jerry Garcia!
I didn't know why they were talking about him but I found out later.
P.S. b_k_r I'm over the hill now
Nah, I'm just using the colloquial bullshit
I wanna see how many of the original garage rock bands I can see live before they start literally dying.
Har Mar Superstar > Jar Jar Binks
How can that be, if it was long, long ago in a galaxy far, far away, and Siddhārtha Gautama was from 2500 years ago.
Gautama Buddha, also known as Siddhārtha Gautama, Shakyamuni, or simply the Buddha, was a sage on whose teachings Buddhism was founded.
(from Wikipedia)
b_k_r have you decoded the secret meaning of my links?
I wonder what AC/DC would sound like it it weren't for Humble Pie.
ZombyWoof gave me that album for my birthday.
Yeah he looks like Ron Jeremy.
omgpwny, that reminds me of the time that I had to tell you that I'm not a machine.
It was dead across the street so I posted this, and I'll post it here
Actually that's the wrong link, but it's related so click on it.
This is my favorite Wings
I remember there was some game show or something on VH1 where a bunch of celebrities would pick things from categories, and the category was "covers" and someone picked Eric Clapton for re-doing "Layla" and they got in this argument.
That was the debate, that he had done the original but the 90s version was very different.
SO b__k_r BROKE INTO THE PALACE
WITH A SPONGE AND A RUSTY SPANNER
SHE SAID "EH, I KNOW YOU AND YOU CANNOT SING"
HE SAID "THAT'S NOTHING YOU SHOULD HEAR ME PLAY PIANO"
I'm doing a flashback to the b__k_r song era
I don't know why, but that little bit is like, on the shortlist for my favorite rawk lyrics.
It's good music to have in your head when you're trying to pull off some sort of urgent operation, especially if you're >literally< running.
I like about half the Smiths songs I hear, I think.
And one of the few things that haunts me in this world is the girl in this video
Infinichan is pegged right now.
Throw away the McDonald's cups.
Perl 6
I'm not the only one who made the connection
9>In a letter to Dr Pepper, Rose's lawyer Alan Gutman said "The redemption scheme your company clumsily implemented for this offer was an unmitigated disaster which defrauded consumers and, in the eyes of vocal fans, ruined Chinese Democracy's release."
lol coupons
I've never heard anything off of that, maybe I should just buy a copy blind and check it out.
b__kur they're going for the 888888 get on 8chan /b/.
I didn't know there was a boxxy dubs image.
That guy who was doing the stream, his phone got stolen lol.
Yeah
And he's blaming it on the police.
Here's the video of the guy's phone getting stolen
Hey b__kur.
I've been going on Rock Genius lately.
I don't know if that's why I've been listening to the Smiths lately or what. 
I think it's because I was watching New Order videos and some Smiths was recommended.
But Rock Genius is interesting when work's put into a particular song.
9>Since it was then a civil wrong rather than a criminal offence, Michael Fagan was not charged for trespassing in the Queen's bedroom.
That guy kinda reminds me of Florida Man.
Just the varied things he got in trouble for.
Not much in the way of annotation.
NOW YOU'RE MESSING WITH A
>A SON OF A BITCH<
I miss the room that never was.
Beekur that's a great idea, 1
Or beekor, rather
You could splurge and order one.
When I was in college, some of the delivery places were open until 4 A.M.
That'll fuck with your head
 beekor I know what you mean though about liking some car from a long time ago.
I had a 95 Grand Am that I loved.
That one turns out real good.
Hey man.
My Treo used to disconnect when I'd ride the bus on IRC.
omgpwny, I've heard that people get so paranoid about bugs that they'll send the exterminator a specimen and it will turn out to be lint; are you the person who gets to call them back and tell them that?
Alright I'm gonna go get something to eat.
Hey everyone.
Yes you.
omgpwny you there?
beekor you ever get that free dinner a couple weeks ago?
Veteran's Day
A lot of restaurants give 'em out; I know Olive Garden does because that's where I first saw it.
OH FUCK
PONDEROSA
Ha
I used to like that buffet just for the macaroni and cheese, never had any that was like that anywhere else.
I remember once when I was a kid I had to have this blood test where I couldn't eat beforehand, then they give me this orange soda and check my blood sugar every hour for six hours so I was hungry.
And my mom took me to Pondo afterwards, which was even cooler than finding out that I didn't have juvenile diabetes.
I wonder what Nadya Suleman is doing right now.
Octomom
Ha beekor
Dude look what I just found
Would be greate if you were high
Like have that as the goal rather than just getting it done.
In college, I knew someone who had had an internship at Intel who introduced me to the idea of "writing [one language] like [another language]".
We did a lot of projects in C, but his C was a little like C++.
Like every function was written with the convention [type T name]_[method name]([type T] [parameter name], [...])
So they were all "bound" to a type.
Nothing was enforced by the compiler, of course, but the convention had you thinking in "objects".
That ki looks cool though.
Robert Lee said that he had seen Haskell that was made to look like line-number BASIC.
I think I know, I mean, ah yes, but it's all wrong; that is
What else do you expect the institution that asks you to "add your eyes and ears to those of our own".
I'm not the only one that get's irked by that grammar
Yeah, it's one of the pre-recorded announcements.
And it's been that way for thirteen years because of you-know-what.
I had this one, and I gave him a folded up dollar bill to pay for the ticket, and he folded up the ticket when he gave it to me.
You know what would be a cool app.
Like, one that would track both your position and the position of the next bus on the line along which you are walking.
So if you want to take a bus, you just start walking along the line.  If you get to where you are going by walking, faster than the bus comes, then great.
But if you're walking along and you near a stop and there are less than X number of minutes left, then it alerts you to stop and wait.
Yeah.
If anything, you'd just get more exercise, like if you were on one of those 10,000 steps programs.
I think the population of porn stars has become more sophisticated since, say, the late nineties though.
Nah, he was a guest, but he did remark elsewhere that after his visit, Howard Stern told him "come back with more people with holes in their heads".
The guy said that John Lennon was interested in getting it done for all the members of the Beatles and they were like "hey, you go do it first and then we'll see" but he never did.
And then someone gave me that big silver Beatles Anthology book and the story was corroborated in there.
I'M JUST SITTING HERE WATCHING THE WHEELS GO ROUND AND ROUND
I REALLY LOVE TO WATCH THEM ROLL
NO LONGER RIDING ON THE MERRY GO ROU-OOOOOOOOOOUND
I JUST HAD TO LET IT GO
I JUST HAD TOOOO LET IT GO
I JUST HAD TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LET IT GOOOOOO-OO-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I was thinking of going to Rolling Stones Records and getting a bunch of the Beatles bootlegs but then I'm like, hey I can just take them because that's what they did.
"A Case of Blues" is the one I really like.
And this one I'm kinda glad they didn't release because although it's pretty good it still makes them sound like dirty burnout hippies
jbk do you ever go to that Beatles convention that they have in August?
I went a few times from like 1998-2005.
It's kind-of pricey; I remember when it was pretty cheap.
Oh that's not the good one.
Wait that's not it either.
I need to watch these things before I pass them off as links.
FINALLY
So at work I got this new position, but we had trouble coming up with a name for it, so my manager suggested "Master of Reality".
I just fucken noticed something.
That guy's wearing a calculator watch at a time where it must have been fucken expensive to have one.
OK I normally keep porn out of the channel but I was really impressed by this fluidity of motion
I just think she's so horny that she has to breathe through her mouth.
JANE REMEMBER SECOND GRADE
SAID YOU COULDN'T STAND MY FACE
RATHER THAN KISS ME YOU SAID YOU'D RATHER DIE
Hey man
I had some and it didn't taste like much.
Like Cream of Wheat.
Grits, not bread sauce.  I've never heard of bread sauce.
For me it was Cracker Barrel which isn't much better.
The samples are from /Glengarry Glenross/.
My mom gave out these mason jars of "homemade chai mix" as gifts once, and when I asked how she made them she said it was a secret.
And then I guessed that she probably just put the powdered milk in there and she looked a little upset.
Because I am so smart.
Like it was literally liike, iced tea powder and powdered milk and some spices.
Also I got sick of burning my grilled cheese sandwiches in the skillet so I came up with toasting the bread in the toaster and then putting the sandwich inthe microwave after that
I'm just not subtle, I guess.
Like I have problems cooking things slow or something.
Or I put too much cheese on them and it drips off the side and starts burning.
beekor you should go next door for a second.
All the cool kids are there.
I just posted something interesting.
Eh.
There was something I was going to tell you but I forgot.
Oh I think it was just that I turned 40.
Oh I fucken remember.
Nah you don't wanna hear it.
I'm watching this trying to see if they admit that everyone was drunk when they taped it
Are you serious?  I thought you were like 20.
Nah just the ones who buy drugs on Reddit ;)
Oh I can think of plenty.  Like when it takes someone three minutes to come back.
Yeah but when I do I don't post about it in public.
That is the most Japanese thing I've seen all day.
The real name for his act is "The Crazy World of Arthur Brown".
Yeah there was some techno version.
I have a theory about that song, and it's in some ways more bizarre than my interpretation of "Norweigan Wood".
You haven't heard the original?  You probably have and don't know it.
beekor I liked yours better lol.
I wonder if sEn^ could dig up the video so you could turn it into a .gif.
omgpwny I went to this restaurant the other day and there was a pickle slice included with my burger.
And it had a BITE out of it!
All of those years of destroying my garnish have turned out to not be a waste of time!
beekor, I liked your faceplant.
"Uh oh, here comes beekor"
lol
I guess that wasn't actually a faceplant.
More of a "head roll".
Looks like #everythingisonfire 
From what I can piece together, and I don't know how much of it is artistic fiction and falsehood, is that this girl wrote her thesis on 4chan and got to know moot, but people said it was stalker-like, and they started going out, but he's being cuckolded.
And that she's an SJW and is gradually getting him to censor 4chan.
Trigger warning is like, there's something in here that might cause someone to have a panic attack, especially if they were abused somehow.
 ▲
▲ ▲
Eat it.
I think your obsession with me is creepier.
But it's understandable when you consider the butthurt angle as I've seen it before (ref
No, because you're not taking so long to deliver.  You must not be high.
(But now I'm timing your rebuttal.)
Don't tell me what it means when someone occupies you, bro.
No, I just think that you can't hold your weed and it impairs you.
Like how you can't tell that all your sigs are generic and thus not that funny.
You could literally use those against any random person on IRC>
What do you mean by "half-sheltered"?
See what I mean by "can't hold your weed"?  You didn't even see that question I just asked.
I hope that last thing you said isn't your way of telling us that you /are/ HUSH.
Because that would really bring us all pretty down.
And get butthurt about it?
It's just funny that you say I'm immature and then use all these high-school insults.
No.  Scroll up and you'll see that you started this.
Which means you were butthurt since the last time we talked.
We could do that.  I tell you what, Dunkin' Donuts has this new thing called the Croissant Donut; check it out
No, I pimp the transsexual hookers.  I might have had to beat you or something before, who knows.
9>it has to do with me having no reason to be respectful towards you
Now that's just stupid.
You seriously do that?
That's pretty edgelord.
But you didn't though, you just started shit because you had "no reason to be respectful".
That's like T.J. Lane edgy.

This was all about me saying that we probably didn't want the kind of attention you were giving this channel by making it the "official" channel of r/chicagotrees, which was like a month ago and I found it futile to try to convince you that you shouldn't go advertise your activities where everyone could see it, which used to be a given amongst people who enjoy pot.
If it's still going on it's because you keep bringing it up.
9>you now exist as my amusement
edgelord
I think you're not a good a judge of that.
I think I do.
We didn't know who put the channel on r/chicagotrees
No, but you'd just said I should have approached you about it (see, this is why I need to quote things back to you).
What's there to fabricate?  Almost everyone knows that it's stupid to put out a subreddit where people are looking for pot, and no one would want to be around that sort of indiscretion.
There's nothing to embellish; the basic facts of the thing make sense to almost everyone.
I will grant this
We banned someone from Undernet for posting logs.
And you never know what else people have to watch what they talk about if there's LEO attention somewhere, it could be just piracy.
It's stupid to post the subreddit.
Talk about this serious-like, you're just getting more people pissed off at you with your personal attacks.
If you want to be taken seriously, can those little insults; no one is laughing with you.
9>when was the last time you interfaced with someone a. not on the internet and b. not family and c. not coworkers
When was the last time you didn't have to go on Reddit to buy pot?
That is a weasley way of putting it.  Of course you didn't buy pot /from Reddit/.  Reddit doesn't sell pot.
That just makes people question your judgement more.
You're tellling us that there's literally no reason to talk about it on the Internet.
You just look really stupid saying that, somehow arguing that someone who hasn't seen as much go down knows better than people who have.
Oh FFS are you this much of an idiot?
EGG-ZACTLY
Or keep doing it just because you're edgelord and think it's funny.\
Because you're in here boasting of your recklessness and literally citing our experience as evidence of us knowing /less/.
It's reckless to me because we've all known the subset of stoner who has really poor judgement and doesn't seem to regard the effect they're having on others.
And won't go away.
"See man, Tom Petty says 'got to keep moving, on' because he's stoned and he's got to keep moving on."
I think another evidence of your lack of judgement is you'd just pick up and fuck with someone you don't need to.
Because you can't think of any reason not to at the moment.
It means I was minding my own business and you started some shit that ended a day or two ago, and even a day or two ago didn't need to happen.
So, why did it need to happen?
For the fourth time, you just started shit like an hour ago out of nowhere.
Right, exactly.
Stupid as fuck.
It's not some generalization, it's about you in particular, and I gave you reasons why.
9>During live performances and in the black and white promotional television clip, Brown performed the song wearing a burning helmet. The helmet was improvised with a leather skull cap onto which was bolted a metal dish that held lighter fluid or petrol. As the cap was not insulated, the heat from the burning fuel quickly conducted through the fixing bolt to the top of Brown's head, causing him considerable pain.
XD
jbk I don't know if you saw it yesterday when I posted the video, but here's the helmet in action
Hey beekor
I wonder if lhot ended up in that situation at the FurFest.
He's the only furry I've ever known.
Ha what's this about?
Which book?
I've been reading /Mastery/ by the same guy who wrote /The 48 Laws of Power/.
Weren't you coming back from a TED talk when I banged on the bus window like a crazy man and caused you to wonder who the fuck I was?
Interesting thing to collect
Hey man
ZombyWoof used to try every year to get through /Nestor the Long-Eared Christmas Donkey/ without baaaaw; I wonder if he ever did it.
I wrote him to tell him that this is my Nestor
What strip club is in New York where it's all filipinas?
Actually that might not be the party that was thrown for him recently.  He might have actually been in the Phillipines.
I guess his bones are really brittle too.
dvitous, so he was meeting filipina women from a dating site?
Uh oh man.
I heard of this scam...
...where they divorce you, get child support, and move back.  You still have to pay it even if they violate custody, and it's enough money for both her and the kid to live off of in the home country.
dvitous were you on Undernet when the Romanian girls swept through?
There were these two who were tryng to get married before they changed the laws regarding citizenship and started trying to latch on to guys from channel.
Only one of them tried this really severe shit test while he was in Romania visiting her parents and he didn't fall for it and called it off.
They both went to bowling.
9>"Did you call her that?"
9>"Yeah."
tippytoe was cool, and so was his style of bowling which I dubbed "the roughneck swerve".
beekor did you ask him where HUSH was?
Well this should be interesting, this thing about the wife going to the Phillipines.
You could start a new Twitter account and live-tweet about what's happening.
Get a good account of how the scam goes down.
Is it the japanese type of rice pudding?
Where it's like, rice, with a lot of water?
I had a rice cooker that would make that for you.
I got really high Machivellianism lol.
Ha beekor
That slide looks to be the last holdout of the dangerous playground equipment of the 50s-70s.
"No tip, no tit."
Oh WTF man.
At least the guys in that forwarded email from the 90s used a cardboard tube.
Like to redirect it to 127.0.0.1?
I have a feeling that gerbiling started out as an urban legend and then life imitated art.
jbk
I just go to the ones that tourists don't go to and then it's less crowded.
Like Ford City or Golf Mill.
Ha I'd just skip that and get an American Express gift card if it's going to be that general.
Ah.
Are you in St. Louis?
9>The 40-year-old forced a New York-Seoul flight to return to the terminal and eject the cabin crew chief on 5 December after she took exception to the arrival of some macadamia nuts she had not asked for, served in a packet rather than a bowl.
9>Cho, who was sitting in first class, forced the cabin manager, Park Chang-jin, and a female attendant to kneel in front of her, called Park names, pushed him into the cockpit door and jabbed him with a service manual, according to his account of the incident.
Ha ha
RISE BEFORE CHO
KNEEL BEFORE CHO
9>When Park returned to South Korea on a separate flight after being forced out from the plane, five to six officials from Korean Air came to visit his home every day and asked him to give a false account to authorities of what happened, he told KBS. The officials asked him to tell investigators that Cho did not use abusive language and that he voluntarily got off the plane, Park said.
Dude you know what I just rememberd?
Like eight years ago I took a graduate-level software engineering course where we were supposed to plan a project with a large team.
But our group was all people who were taking it online, and like four of them were from South Korea.
And we'd go on this conference call server to meet with them.
I was the project leader because I'm so alpha.
And when I was trying to hand out work they were like "we just want to do testing".
And what the fuck could I do because it's not like I'm paying them or could fire them.
There's all this stuff people say about how people are naturally inclined to achieve things that I just don't believe.
I think the people who write about it may be, and look at things from the perspective of someone who's motivated, but I don't think it applies generally.
Oh not much.
I got moved to another team at work and got reminded why I didn't like working with a particular person.
They just laid someone off of my old team because he was working from home and too far away from one of their offices.
But the reason they let him do that was that he was that good.  He had actually planned to quit when he had moved, but they begged him to stay and accomodated all this stuff (including a huge salary).
From New York to India.
YOU GOT ME PARALYZED
YOU GOT ME PARALYZED
YOU GOT ME CATATONIC
YOU GOT ME CATATONIC
YOU GOT ME SUPERSONIC
YOU GOT ME SUPERSONIC BABY
DEEP FRIED
YOU KNOW I'M DEEP FRIED
My burps smell and taste like German spices.
I had some landjäger and leberkäse at that little german festival downtown.
Yeah.
If you like Spam, you'll love leberkäse.
They have it at Gene's Sausage Shop too.
Yeah I had the weißwurst at the market yesterday.
There's one booth where you get it with a pretzel fucken good
I might just go there for dinner every day on the way home
It's fucken crowded as fuck on Saturday and that though.  Weekday nights not nearly as much.\
Hey bookor
I mean beekor
I ate a bunch of German food again.
My mother accused me of using /The 48 Laws of Power/ as my "bible".
What if that was actually backwards, and he did it time-lapse so that it wouldn't look backwards.
There was some site out there were like, a few people got together and analyzed Fleetwood Mac lyrics into the ground.
It sounded gossipy or something like fan fiction except it was really their interpretations.
The Marmaduke Arena lol
XD
oh fuck
PS I think omgpwny would like the glory hole one.
From the /b/ thread
I think grav3yard girl is cute even though she has a horse face of a greater magnitude than Mackenzie Phillips plus she acts like the female Carrot Top.
passive voice
What was ever wrong with "passive voice"?
You know, I just glanced over the Wikipedia article for "passive voice" and found that they really don't say either.
Like they point out a few writers who have written things against it, and then pointed out that those writers use it too.
Patti Smith @ The Vatican last week
Ha ha dude.
And you know what's fucken funny?
The fact that people didn't quite now when and when not to perv out for like ten years.
I wonder if that's the key to the "insurance" file.
I've kind of said too much already, but if you search around you might find out what I was talking about.
Dude, I might be staying home too.
I might have to stay away from my mom's because someone has the flu and I guess if I get it on these meds it's really bad.
So I'm thinking of going and getting some Chinese food.
hEY BEEKOR
8chan /b/ just got ahold of Jack Black's address and phone number.
I liked the "new birthday song" he did on /Saturday Night Live/.
careet
For the last few months.
Which of the four levels of hip society are you?
Are you square, hip, groovy, or cool?
careet, this is one a lot of people like
I'm just learning it now.
I thought it was Indian but I guess it's a made-up name that a child gave to a stuffed toy elephant.
I like a long, uninterrupted bus ride now that I read books on my tablet.
A whole Rick Astley concert.
Rick roll doesn't even really work anymore.  The only copy they allow on YouTube is the Vevo version and it shows an ad before the song.
Originally he'd be doing that little carumba cha-cha thing by the time you even realized what happened.
You ever hear this song?
It was from when he was originally popular.
This is way better.  And they shout out to the first song
PWEI == way ahead of their time
If you can get ahold of that album it's a sampling masterpiece just about on par with /Paul's Boutique/.
It's from 1989
Zomby and I were way way fucken into them.
Ha ha
Yeah he has two kids.
His wife isn't actually a mail-order bride, just a Russian immigrant.
But he said I should go back there and pick me up one.
I could get someone who meets my criteria.
Yeah for most people it's half your age + 7, but for me it's half my age.
Or actually to put it in C terms because I risk being quoted out of context 
I went outside and noticed the typical LED blue-and-red "OPEN" sign at this Thai restaurant and went there last night.
I was the only one but by the time I finished there were four more tables.
Yeah I could see four restaurants open from that one corner, three asian and one indian.
Well I'm gonna head out, see you later man.
Do you remember that thing from years ago that was called the "sanity test", and they said watch this and if you laugh you're insane?\
I think I've found a new one.
Hey man
Hey beekor I got the Moto 360 smart watch for Christmas.
Didn't even have to ask.
It's pretty cool.
No, Motorola
It's cool because the face is really big.
No the battery is really bad lol
Is that the guy who jizzes in the 2-liter bottles?
That's so gross
But I gotta get tobed now I'll see you tomorrow
nightg
beekor I gamified a bunch of my habits and "fine" myself if I don't do what's prescribed.
The "fines" go into this savings account for emergencies.
So like, either way I win.
A couple years after starting this they came out with Habit RPG and stuff.
I got the idea from Stack Overflow, how it was set up like a game and had badges and all that, and later I heard on this podcast that "gamification" is a deliberate strategy for some applications.
I guess the theory is that, people have work to do, and for some reason, games are work that's fun.
So somehow people who design games have optimized the situations they've set up to make it very easy to get motivated to do that work.
And if you can do that with real work you've applied the same optimizations.
It's good that you're starting on a resolution before the new year though.
I think when you start on January 1st, and something's not set up right (like you don't have the gym membership yet), that puts a delay in it enough for a lot of people, and then they procrastinate on that, and by then they figure they've broken it already.
I tried to do them by month a few years ago.
Yeah, but you have some regular time to remind you to do all that.
Here's a train wreck happening
And because I never know who's watching and have to spell it out as soon as possible, I'm not calling her a train wreck, just the behavior and situation, also it's not about her being transgendered but the attention-seeking through crisis.
P.S. I think it's very difficult to get Cushing's syndrome from stress.  It's usually from heavy and/or long-term corticosteroid use.
She also said she had two heart attacks the last two nights.
I had an irregular heartbeat back when I used to smoke and they gave me this injection that's supposed to be like a less-severe defibrillation, makes your heart almost stop for a second, and believe me, if your heart fucken stops you fucken know it.
It hurts like fuck, I don't know if it's like, the blood that it just pumps is going back in while it's not pumping or what, but you're like "oh shit"
But like, if your heart actually stopped you wouldn't fucken hesitate to call an ambulance ha.
You'd be like "shit I better not let this happen again"
I quit like twelve-some years ago.  I get tempted very rarely but now it's like $10 a pack so it's pretty much not a question anymore.
It's be fun to set up a little stream to show silly little public access videos from the pre-YouTube era.
This guy was on GRTV
I know lol.
I like when people try to help and she gets mad that they are offering alternatives to what she says she needs.
beekor she has a Dramatica page which you've probably found.
In which is detailed a scam where she said she had "shrapnel" in her body from a car accident and needed surgery to remove it before she died of metal poisoning.
But she wanted $29,000 which is like, really expensive for that type of thing.  Like I've heard you get get a full body lift for around that much, and it takes hours.
She later confessed and apologized, but not after some guy got fired from some game journalism position for questioning it.
dimaa how did you find that?
There was a big fight yesterday at Navy Pier as well.
Hay beekor
Dude
Remember that guy who was in the battlestations thread and all of a sudden he posted his picture of his desk but there was that big stuffed animal furry thing sitting on the bench?
I saw this video hold on
It doesn't FF itself but it's 12
You know if someone just gave you one you'd fuck it though ha ha
I guess he didn't look as much like him as I thought
And /pol/ seems to be even more infested with Nazis than 4chan.
 /gg/ was interesting but some new mod got ahold of it in accordance with their procedure for abandoned boards and people didn't like him so they smashed it to fuck and started /gamergate/.
Ask for help on Twitter and threaten to become an hero.
How old is this episode you are watching?
(The last time I watched it was probably like 1999.)
That reminds me of the Diet Pepsi syringe thing.
Back in 1993 all these people claimed to have found syringes in their Diet Pepsi.
But it was fake.
The first incident was some old people looking through old cans trying to find the pop-up money, not knowing that it was only Coke cans doing that contest that summer.
They found a syringe in an empty can, but the syringe had the needle bent back, and I guess diabetics who use insulin dispose of their syringes like that inside of a can when there isn't a sharps bin around, so someone doesn't come along and get poked when they take out the trash or whatever.
So they weren't sure if it came from the factory that way.
But the factories are set up so that the cans are upside-down until right before they are filled, and then they are capped.
And I think the old couple wasn't looking for money at all.  But then all these other people said they found them too.
I mean, they were looking for money inside the can (lol) but not from a settlement or something from Pepsi.
Like, one that gives you events while it's parsing and lets you change the different nodes and stuff?
That sounds more like a servlet engine than a parser.
Like does it work as a server?
Oh fuck, I histook "HTTP parser" for "HTML parser".
There's a weird Reddit out there that someone posted across the street; hold on.
Oh wait no someone posted it here.
When I was fucken, working at my first job out of college, there was this girl who was ordering erotic novels from a magazine, and this was like, before Amazon was popular.
She she was ordering over the phone, but they all had catalog numbers and she was just reading them off.
5390523
5043592
5436940
3494059
I decided to troll her and leave her a voice mail.
4925093
96349589
5948593
8234805
She shot back with one, and the "reply" feature just tacked hers on to the front of mine and sent it back.
3242355
64324435
342423
246624
After two backs-and-forths - I forget who - one of us forwarded out to someone else.
And it went around the office, accumulating pre-ambles of people reading numbers until it was this big long thing.
But when people would get it, they wouldn't know what it was about.  And I didn't tell anyone there that she was ordering erotic novels.
Just that she was ordering something over the phone.
But still they'd tack number on the front, thinking it was some ridiculous "meme"  or something.
Two people thought they were clever to use 867-5309
But only the first one was actually clever.
Oh and Chris Chan got into trouble
9>Hey I'm looking for someone who wants to have erotic plane conversations at my house with the lights down low. We can talk about "explosive decompression" and maybe do a re-enactment of the Tenerife Airport Disaster... you can be the KLM plane ;)﻿
3 5 0 1 2 5 GO
Oops that was the same one again.  Let me try again.
I feel like I should have a collection of those.
There's no "good part" to that, just a really weird rapper.
Interesting DU threads where someone posted a story about being in the Coast Guard in 1988 that gets called out as a fabrication
You know what would be an interesting "time-lapse" movie?\
Taking a picture inside your ear with a digital otoscope every day and stringing them together, you'd see the patterns of wax build up like glaciers and migrate outward.
Because apparently your skin cells inside your ear go outward rather than upward.
I've been wearing that Android Wear watch my mom gave me and it's not really difficult to get the "one hour of activity" in that it suggests just by walking to Walgreens and stuff.
I just know I was really surprised before I got my tonsils out when the ENT doctor pulled out these chunks of black earwax from each ear.
I didn't know ti got to be that color or that big
Never happened since then though.
Nah I was twelve and never smoked.
For a while I worked for a European company and got 27.5 days/year.
I like Zorin even though /A View To A Kill/ isn't the best James Bond movie.
Because of this one scene
He could have just poisoned the guy's drink or something, but doing it that way provides moar lulz.
Let me try something.
.g what is 22 divided by 7

I was hoping that it would invoke Google's calculator the way that typing it into the normal web page works.
.calc 15/0
Ha
I wanted to crash Tevatron ha ha.
.calc 3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333/333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
I got an Android Wear watch and it's pretty cool.  You can use it as a calculator watch and it uses Google to calculate, all voice-prompted.
So I was at the diner about twenty minutes ago speaking into my watch to calculate the tip.
Zomby called me when he was into listening to that and said that it makes you wanna get high.
Like sit in your room with colored lights on and smoke.
It's a reggae label and a lot of the box sets are collections of stuff from the 60s and 70s.
Oh yeah, I have the motown box set or whatever, hold on.\
Was it that one.
I like that one because they include the little intro in the cover.
I guess it's called the "Soulful Reggae" box set.
Alright before I go, this is my favorite reggae song
Fun fact
?
It's not really based on anything, though, just the fact that other weird things are happening.
Like either due to 8chan's policy of letting the person who created a board be the owner, or allowing other people to "claim" the board if the owner doesn't log in, /pol/ has been taken over by what appears to be a literal Nazi.
And someone got their posting history posted on the channel, I guess that was a no-no, but the mods have all that.
That one's easy to resolve for me though because this guy who worked with my dad was in one of the camps and  had a tattoo from it.
Last year I bought a little plastic pan for ramen in the microwave oh fuck yeah.
It was specialized for that purpose.
That used to crack me the fuck up.
HAPPY NEW YEAR SNATCH
lol is that easy to do dimaa
Lots of peppermint stuff on sale at Walgreens for 50% off right now.
I liked /Pyromania/ and /Hysteria/ but their first two albums are cool for just being like, straight-ahead basic heavy metal before they'd play it on the radio.
Like not much slick production and all that.
Last night real late I started watching stuff they'd been doing since they weren't that popular anymore and a lot of it is cool but they made this album called /X/ which all these people really hate because it sounds like the lighter stuff that Nickleback does that ends up on The Mix and all that.
It's like when they stray from what they're known for they fail pretty hard.
Except that one "alternative" album, I thought that was a pretty good attempt to stay current at the time.
Ha
Ha
And that's one of the more-coherent David Lynch movies.
This is one of my favorite country songs, but it's a Tool cover
Sounds way better as a country song.
Zomby knows a lot about "alt-country".
He also got me into this band named The Bottle Rockets, and we saw them back in like 2004.
Ha
omgpwny
I posted something next door and told people to give it to you if you come back.
How did you do it?
I just let PowerSpec build my computers.
Pretty nice brand though if you like they mostly empty when you buy them.
s/they/them/
You know how YouTube starts recommending channels for you?
I wonder if someone will eventually try to sue them for something like, it recommended the Alex Jones channel to their husband and they went crazy buying water filters and drove the family bankrupt.
If you just go to youtube.com the front page will have recommended channels as well as videos.
Well the DVI and HDMI it has to encode, so maybe it only has enough cycles to encode one or the other.
Ever notice when an organization has "worldwide" or "international" in it's name, it's often a cult or a scam?
I wonder how Qalex is doing, by the way.
Oh yeah, there were pictures of his wedding I saw.
Yeah, they were funny.  I have trouble describing the look on the bride's face in this one picture I saw.
It's not exactly accurate to say that she looked like wasn't quite sure of what was going on, and I don't want to distort the impression further.
I think ScribbleJ might know, but even he jumped ship next door (you should come back man).
Hey VVelox.
Are you going to Thotcon VVelox?
Isn't it true though, that sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name?
I'm still on Undernet too.
As a matter of fact, I'm the only person there.
sh3d3vil shows up there and I tell her to come to Freenode and she doesn't.
I want her to come back so we can tell her to crank up her butt plug.
Yeah.
She used to sit on IRC with a butt plug up her ass ha ha.
That would be funny when all the gifts are laid out on the table like they have at some receptions, to sneak a really fancy box with a butt plug in it.
Not so that everyone sees, but so that no one really notices and then they open it later.
I keep rockin' out to old Def Leppard ha.
I think I actually like /High 'n' Dry/ now more than I did in high school.
My happy hardcore collection is so big that I didn't know I have duplicates of some discs.
Is this due to a cancellation?
Who got to stay home?
I had the day off anyways, but we didn't get a "snow day" at work.
You know, no matter how hard I try, I can't like /Star Wars/ as much as /Close Encounters of the Third Kind/.
OK so like George Lucas put a bunch of space ships and laser guns in his movie but could he ever direct a scene like this
Plus Steven Spielberg did something way more difficult in making a movie that looks like it's from 1977 and not any other time period because there's no point of reference in making a film fit perfectly into the present time.  George Lucas just copied a bunch of stuff from samurai movies and westerns and Nazi propaganda films, and it's easy to copy other films rather than look around and be like "what makes the current time unlike any other time".
And third, anyone can be like "I want to have the spaceships look like this" and have a bunch of people fabricate them out of plastic and metal, but it's much more difficult to use light as a special effect and tame it to this degree, especially doing it on film when you can't immediately see how it looks
I'll leave this
"A widespread taste for pornography means that nature is alerting us to some threat of extinction. " - J. G. Ballard
He's like this really weird sci-fi writer.
I don't know if you saw that movie /Crash/, not the one that got really popular in the 2000s, but the one from the 1990s that was about people having car-crash fetishes.
He wrote the novel for that.
A lot of stuff about Freudian psychology and mental illness, and like, how the brain is in this new environment surrounded by technology that it's not built for, so it does weird things as a result.
During one of the Republican National Conventions some "situationists" handed that essay out to people.
I found out later that a "situationist" is basically a combination of an artist and a troll.
Oh dude, speaking of atrocity exhibitions*, check out the Twitter I posted like two weeks ago.
(* You see what I did there? 
(One of J.G. Ballard's novels is /The Atrocity Exhibition/.)
I think she may have had another heart attack or two in the last two weeks that she doesn't call the ambulance about.
It's actually sad because if she got ripped off by Pay Pal and Indiegogo that's a genuine concrete injustice but she's alienated a lot of people through Twitter shaming and threatening to become an hero.
Also I really doubt the thing about having Cushing's Syndrome from sheer stress.  You usually have to be on long-term corticosteroid therapy to develop that.
I was on relatively high doses for like two years (at one point the equivalent of 7x the normal amount of adrenaline, lol) and didn't even get osteoporosis.
Oh yeah, but she's saying oh I'm so stressed, everybody better help me or else they're actively killing me, P.S. it also stresses me out when people say they'll help in some way that I don't specifically request.
I didn't think the web would catch on because BBSs didn't catch on.
I figured it would be another obscure thing like USENET or Gopher.
lol
I guess this is the original
I wonder if there's some clause in the agreement for purchasing the stock footage, that you can't use it in such a ridiculous way that it causes anyone else's use of it to look ridiculous as well.
Ha
Finding paper porn out in vacant lots and stuff was, I think, an uniquely Gen X phenomenon.
Because before the 70s it was too rare for people to just dump it somewhere.
And then after Internet, anyone who only wanted some temporarily didn't bother buying it.
I start wondering if it was pedos putting it out there though.  Why would it always be unhidden somewhere outside?
Yeah, something like that.
Ha, I remember when we were kids, there was some sort of concrete square with a metal lid with some wires or something in it out in this field by the school.
So we picked a bunch of skunk cabbage out at the edge of the woods and stuffed it down there, under the theory that it would somehow affect the heating system of the school, causing an unpleasant smell, and we'd get to have school cancelled while they found and fixed the problem.
My GTD list has 354 items on it.
Some of them are "projects" though and just umbrellas for groups of other items.
I always love "if we haven't touched them in X years then they must not be important".
IRC from work lol.
I did that for a while though, back in 2000-2001 or so.
Even installed the IRC client on my work machine.
I remember thinking that I'd never hire ScribbleJ because he was on there so much.
You know what I haven't done in a while is go to a computer store and bring up Mibbit and connect to the channel and leave it open to see what kind of new people "wander" in.
I did that at Micro Center at least once.
I read in some book about stress that you could take a Benadryl instead of valium or whatever tranquilizers and it's safer and I'm like oh wow that's right you can kind-of buy downers over the counter.
It's funny that Benadryl and Sominex and Dramamine are all the same thing.
I used to ask my parents for Dramamine when we'd go on a long care ride so I could read and they'd be like "that stuff just makes you so tired you fall asleep instead of getting motion sickness".
s/care/car/
lol wut
I like showing this to millenials and them being like "MAN WTF MAN??!!"
I believed it up until it said that moot hates /b/; I find that kind-of improbable.
But the part about being afraid of being sued seems somewhat credible.  
I just have trouble with it because it wouldn't be anything without /b/ really.
I think that The Fappening kind of woke him up to the possibility.
And then Gamergate.
He completely banned discussion of it completely, which was odd.
If people were being doxxed he probably could have kept that under control.  They got the CP problem under control, so I'd think they could get doxxing under control.
I would think he definately wanted /pol/ gone.
I didn't know this at first but I guess it was specifically to "contain" political discussion rather than encourage it.
Plus there were serious Nazi freaks on there, it's pretty scary.
And that's the other reason I think he was afraid of a suit.
Because there was this political cartoonist that was really getting hammered pretty bad.
What happened was something like this
Then people thought it was cute and/or funny to go paste Ben Garrison's signature into a bunch of old white nationalist comics by this guy who calls himself A. Wyatt Mann (who drew the original "happy merchant") and keep talking about him as if he drew them and that he was their favorite cartoonist.
Then Ben Garrison did that little charicature of moot; I think moot got afraid of getting sued by him.
Yeah shitposting.  People go on there when they're bored and just post something to keep their mind running.
I remember when there were cool thngs like lioncash every week.
Dude actually I have a new conspiracy theory.
The new SJW Anonymous is a COINTELPRO-style project designed to shut down the old nihilistic Anonymous.
They used to infiltrate groups and make them more radical to divide them and drive people away, but that wouldn't have worked, so they made it "positive" and it disintegrated.
Like the Black Panthers were gaining some mainstream acceptance by the early 70s, and actually getting things like donations from supermarket chains for their free breakfast programs and stuff.
The FBI then distributed this coloring book to make people think that they were distributing it to children
My criticism of SJWs is mainly that it's identity politics and thus don't really have any solid principles.  I don't think they really mean to at the moment (they may do so later) because at this stage they are trying to provoke a revolution rather than build a model society.
There's kind of a test of that mentality that I've devised and it goes like this.
In a political movement, has the subject ever criticized another person in the same movement for doing something unfair to or saying something untrue about the opposition.
If the answer is no, there's a chance that they really don't have a concept of a model society.
They are only concerned about fighting the opposition.
Another sign of it is the extent to which they weaponize language.
Like "privilege" - a concept I believe in, by the way - is defined so that only one side has it completely and the other side does not have it at all.
Rather than making it fine-grained and saying that one group has certain privileges, the other may have others, some don't have any, etcetera.
This definition - I believe - is designed to divide people into two groups to set up for a conflict.  I think it's modeled after things like Marx's concept of a bourgeoisie and proletariat, and designed to remove moral ambiguity from a conflict where one group attacks another.
It's all about trying to see yourself as part of a class that is oppressed by another class as a class.
This is an early example of it from the late sixties.  They don't use the same terminology but you can see how they set up something similar (and were, by their own admission, working from a Marxist framework)
From that thread
9>I have nothing to lose in a civil suit. What are they going to do, repossess my wheelchair?
That actually kind of demonstrates my point.  Hotwheels undeniably does not have certain privileges due to having osteogenesis imperfecta.  But in this one way, he does have one.
By having little to lose, he has a courage that other people don't when they're afraid to lose what they have.
P.S. when I talk about a "model society", I just mean having a set of principles everyone's judged by and obligations that everyone's expected to fulfill.
Not my own concept, but a concept of their own.
I think a social justice movement would work if it organized around principles,  "these are the things we're trying to promote, we realize that this sacrifice has to be made to achieve it but we get these benefits, we apply it consistently" rather than organizing around groups.  To their credit, they do acknowledge that the layering of groups becomes complicated under that scheme and start to deconstru
ct it through the study of what they've termed "intersectionality".
You could still study and rectify the fact that the principles are violated against certain groups more than others, but you'd always be able to explain that and rectify according to principle.
(I have to say this so that someone doesn't think I'm against "social justice" in general.)
For some reason it's so fucken funny watching a hippy get so mad and throw a temper tantrum ha ha
Actually Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski throws a bunch of tantrums.
9>Yes, Walter, you're right. There is an unspoken message here. It's "FUCK YOU, LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!"
Did I ever tell you that think I misheard in that movie?
Like when Jackie Treehorn's thugs come back to get him and bring him to the estate, they come back and tell The Dude to come with them, and right before they cut to the next scene the guy with the long blonde hair goes "you're not dealing with morons here".
But I thought they said "we're not the only morons here".
I think my version is better.
My version of "Money for Nothing" is better too.
The real lyrics
9>Look at that mama, she got it stickin' in the camera man
Mine
9>Look at that mama, she's sickening the cameraman
I thought those were the lyrics for like twenty or more years.
I don't know.
It seems there's animus between 8chan and 4chan.
You couldn't mention other chans on 4chan.
The guy who ran 7chan seemed not to like 4chan either.  (And would get mad when 4chan was down and people would go to his like it was second best).
Yeah maybe it's like wrestling.
Dude he liked freaks like that, one of his movies is full of people having stupid arguments.
I was really into Warhol when I was in high school, he's like the greatest troll of painting.
Alright, night
That regexpal site is one of those tools that seems so clever that you wonder why it wasn't around 15 years ago.
I like that "gay bar" song because nobody can tell if it starts out "YOU" or "GIRL" and much of the meaning of the song hinges on it.
I remember reading about the ambiguity in their own FAQ but I can't remember if they resolved it.
"Gay Bar" is the only punk rock song on that album, most of the rest is like this disco/metal combination with macho lyrics.
Ha
I get the impression that they spent so much on the dancing girls that they didn't have much money left for the rest of the video, and that's why it looks like that.
Actually that description I gave of them kind-of fits the later Queen stuff.
That's right.
I thought of putting a picture of titties on my smart watch.
I've got this one face that shows a clock most of the time, but you can set it to infrequently flip around and show a picture, so it could be like, I'd be talking to someone and it would flip and I'd keep talking like nothing's wrong and then it would flip back.
"What do you mean?  It's got a picture of a clock face on it."
Whatever happened to Mr-whoeveriforgotthenamesheused
misterbonnie was it?
She was on here like a year or two ago.
Really?  What about?
Was it anything like this when she got "pissy"?
Someone on 8chan posted a picture of her document from a psychiatric hospital (I'm assuming that she herself posted it somewhere to document how they were harassing her too), and I guess another thing she does is if you scratch your nose, she accuses you of trying to hint to her that her vagina smells bad.
Did I ever tell you about how Zomby used to work for Ameritech, in the deparment that performs answering services for doctors?
lol
Another client of theirs was the Secret Service, and I guess agents investigating counterfeiting and stuff would leave messages and the service was a way of making sure that it did indeed get delivered.
But, they'd also take the messages from the general public.
And there was this guy who was a "regular".
One day he was like
9>I've been thinking about how the kids these days really aren't up on the UFO conspiracy theories, so I'm writing a book called /My Uphill Struggle/, and I'd like an interview with a Secret Service agent.
He lives in another state lol.
He went from Phoenix Arizona all the way to Tacoma.
You know all this classic rock I've never listened to.
I know /about/ Rainbow but don't know much other than that.
Me and my brother used to make fun of Rush because there was this big contingent of metalheads who were notorious for doing things like putting graffitti on the property of the elementary school we went to.
And we'd be like "Rush is what they listen to when they want to be philisophical."
You ever listen to Rachel Barton's metal stuff?
I like how the guy has a robe that's supposed to make him look all dark, but it still has the squares all over it from when it was folded up.
That's cool how he looks like Gerry Rafferty.
Now I'm bored and lurking 4chan /s/.
Which is one of their quality boards.
I like to make fun of classic rock sometimes.
Like my brother said he does that all the time because he's a mechanic and has the radio on all day.
Like that song "tonight there's gonna be a jailbreak, somewhere in this town".
And he's like "...at the jail?"
In the late 80s /Hustler/ used to do these really elaborate shoots that were like, that quality, lots of setting and costumes.
So that kind-of stuff is burned into my libido because I was going through adolescence at the time.
Oh fucken dude ha ha ha ha
I forgot where I read this.
Remember we were talking about like, those old 60s-70s porn novels and how they'd get really rare because like, probably someone's relatives go through their estate, find them, and then throw them out?
I think it was on /Found Magazine/ or something, some guy bought a house and there were some old boxes under the stairs and found some there.
There's some used bookstore that specializes in them, and some of them fetch like $90.
Ha I saw that.
Yeah and she uses a dedicated camera, not her phone.
I don't own a car.
Ha
Or AAAAA Affordable Towing
There was another title of hers "There is no excuse for what has happened to me."
And it's just pictures of the sidewalk.
I wonder if Google Maps would tell you which one is closest.
If they charge per mile that might save you.
Man I fucken remember, 1997 my car breaking down and having to run to a video store, asking them if they would be so generous as to let me use their phone, and flipping through the Yellow Pages.
Like a lot of people who have it manage most of their life well, most of their brain is OK except it plants all these scary delusions there.
But like you say, she isn't wearing three winter coats, everything else is OK, except she thinks people are stalking her.
Yeah that's kind of ironic.  People "stalk" her more than ever because of her videos.
It's kind of sad because if she opened up the comments, she might trust some of the people out there who'd have some free time to write back and forth to her and they might get through to her.  But then there'd be some really viscious trolls too.  And it's either open it or not.  Though I see she has her Google Plus open.
She's got nothing to do all day at the mental hospital.
In that study /On Being Sane in Insane Places/, where some people checked themselves into mental institutions with a fake symptom and recorded their experiences, one of them saw a psychiatrist saying that people were lining up to the cafeteria early because they had oral fixations.
And the people running the study were like, it's probably actually because there isn't much else to look forward to while you're there.
Really good study, by the way.  I guess the fake symptom was that they heard a thud that wasn't really there, once, and never reported any other symptoms, and it would be difficult for them to get out of there.
And someone got caught taking notes for the study but then realized that they really didn't understand what he was doing anyway so he didn't have to hide it.  They simply marked down something like "patient engages in writing behavior".
Because you had previously signed up for "zoophiles".
Somebody I worked with is a brony.  I found out when he shared his screen through Lync and his Firefox browser was decorated with a /My Little Pony/ theme.
I wonder if those things ever see some really weird correlations.
You like getting constantly accused of whatever her paranoid delusions tell her?
Those sound like some really cool album names.
Here's an interesting page
This guy goes to ren fests and gets body-painted women to post for pictures.
Maybe that could be a hobby of mine as part of my mid-life crisis.
Because I have a theory that models would rather be shot by a creepy middle-age guy than some hot young guy (the creepy middle-age guy doesn't care what people think and thus will direct a shoot that comes out way better than some guy who actually has some chance with the model and will act accordingly polite).
I'm saying that the young guy would actually be more /intimidated/.
Like he'd try maybe hitting on the girl but that limits you, you have to do and say what you think they'd like.
I like philosophy.  I have trouble deciding what to read next.
I read a little of Nick Land, but his argument seemed like "democracy is incompatible with freedom, therefore we should auction off the government to corporations".
I actually agree with the first part to some degree, and people don't realize that what makes the Constitution compelling is that there are some choice dashes of anti-democracy in the form of inalieable rights.  It sets things up so that it's very difficult for the majority to vote away a minority's rights.
If that's what I think it is, I knew it might be true when I realized why there were so many attractive girls at the University of Michigan.
Tevatron is a particle accelerator but dongbot is a large hard-on collider.
Oh dud
e
you reminded me
Well, it's not like you can really sell too much content.
So you do that.
I remember like ten years ago there was some guy who had a bunny, and he was collecting money for himself and said that if people didn't pay a certain amount, he was going to eat the bunny.
Ha ha ha ha ha
P.S. Before anyone freaks out at me, people are doing just that right now at the Berghoff and the Brau Haus ha ha.
9>The book was released in September 2005. The book made a new threat
XD
Like I said, they call it animal cruelty, I call it German food.
lol
I had it at the Schnitzelbank in Grand Rapids.
I might have had it at the Berghoff too; I can't remember.  I'd do it again.
I wanna see if I can do these here color codes by hand.
I think Chloe Sagal might actually be doing things for herself if there was no Internet.
P.S. The reason she got in trouble was because she lied about the nature of the fundraiser, saying that she had shrapnel in her arm from a car crash and needed to have it removed or else she'd die of metal poisoning.
MOTHER CHANTS A LITANY OF BOREDOM AND FRUSTRATION
BUT WE KNOW ALL HER SUICIDES ARE FAKE
dvitous are you talking about Rusty n Edie's or something?
Or like Windy City Freedom Fortress?
Yeah there were porn BBSs.
I came up with this idea of how to set aside money for savings, but I'm not sure if it would tick off the bank or not and cause them to charge me more fees.
Say you want to save 10% of your paycheck.  Take that amount, and divide it by the number of days between the paychecks, and just move that much from your checking to savings every day.
If it starts to get tight due to some unforseen stuff, then stop until your next paycheck.
Sure you could put the whole amount, but what usually happens is you wait until the next paycheck because you don't want an overdraft, and then by that next paycheck you've spent almost all of it.
Here you kind-of think every day how you're going to squeeze that 10% out of your budget.
I'm just wondering if banks start to get irked that you make a transaction every day.
Even if it's online.
Oh and regarding people who keep telling you that they have problems
9>You can die from someone else's misery—emotional states are as infectious as diseases. You may feel you are helping the drowning man but you are only precipitating your own disaster. The unfortunate sometimes draw misfortune on themselves; they will also draw it on you. Associate with the happy and fortunate instead.
dvitous, was the woman messed up?
I like iced tea a lot
So I was like digging that Ariana Grande video where 
SHHHHHHH
she has some on, but then someone pointed out that all the sand in the video made it look like she's in a big litterbox and it ruined it
You probably heard her name from The Fappening.
Go to CVS and get one of those where you can take a JPG and get a canvas "painting" printed.
There actually is starting to be some decent pop music out.
Oh also man
Chloe was on a tear today, something like 100+ tweets
Most of her tweets don't show up though unless you view them "with replies" 
From what I gather, her girfriend left her for a man, and instead of accepting that (and maybe possible the reason that she acts crazy and manipulative), she starts saying that he must of raped her and brainwashed her into not believing that he did, something like that.
SHE FIND PICTURES IN MY EMAIL
I SENT THIS BITCH A PICTURE OF MY DICK
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS WITH FEMALES
BUT I'M NOT TOO GOOD AT THAT SHIT
I think of that song as like the hip-hop "Behind Blue Eyes".
Nah, the Kanye song.
Cuz it's all about being a jerk
TenBaseT was on a zombie squad?
I think he was really well suited for his job because he could neither confirm nor deny that his wife had barred him from looking at Internet porn.
lol
Interesting data?
Are you doing some BIG DATA stuff?
I think I've run a tab maybe once.  Do you still tip as you go?  I would think they'd still want you to, and then what's the point.
Still have to get your money out every time.
Yeah but if the bartender ends the shift before you're done then they'd be this angry
Ha yeah but that's awkward.  Plus if I keep tipping well, they'll make sure they keep coming around and making sure you're being served.
I was in Las Vegas for Def Con and it was something like 105º-110º out and I went out for just a little bit to talk on the phone where it was quieter, felt good man, didn't realize that I was sweating and it was evaporating right away and was fucken dehydrated.
So I kept wanting water, and every time that the waitress saw that I'd tip $2 instead of $1 was more assurance that she'd come around to see if I wanted another one.
Did you drink water?
Did you drink soft drinks from the fountain?
Oh, because the tap water is piss.
I'm not knocking it.  I had plenty to drink there.
I take it that that's a shooping demonstration.
lol depends on who you see, I guess.
You know what it's lost, though, is that "chick who just does this for fun and a little extra money in her room a couple nights a week" thing that was there three years ago.
Isn't there some couple on there named fionaandjimmy or something?
I think they're the one where the woman has one eye on the monitor to make sure money is rolling in and/or people are behaving themselves while she's giving a blow job.
Ha ha
I wonder how much I could make if I made something up.
Oh man, you know I was studying to be a cinematographer at one point, right?
There was this guy who like, taught at this summer program I went to between 11th and 12th grade, and he was a real cinematographer.
Mark W. Gray
And he'd already done two films and he was relatively young, they were both low-budget, and at least one was direct-to-home-video (which wasn't as common back then so it seemed pretty bad), but he was like "I'd rather do bad films as a director of photography than work my way up from a grip on good movies, because by the time I'm doing good movies, I'll be really good".
I looked him up around like April last year, first time I did that on the Internet.
He got in a motorcycle accident and was cyberbegging for a month's expenses.
And he doesn't really do cinematography much if at all.  He walks around with a puppet at sci-fi conventions and stuff.
It's a professor.  His name is Professor Puppet.
But he makes YouTube videos of it, and I guess he gets money that way.
Dude I heard grav3yardgirl makes like $400,000 making those videos.
A YouTube celeb.  She does like
makeup videos
videos where she goes to thrift stores and shows you what she found (she calls these "hauls")
And the one that I think is clever and like to watch
"Does this thing really work?"
Where she goes and gets one of those "as seen on TV" gadgets and tries it out.
Because really, you'll get hits on those for a long time after you film it when people look up the gadget.
And Consumer Reports really doesn't look at that kind of cheap stuff.
That was one thing when I was working in film/video that I didn't like and didn't look forward to doing more, like, having to go to other people to pitch ideas and stuff, or even dealing with people in the industry to begin with, and it's fucken cool that people don't have to do that with YouTube.
Is this a stream where they keep flipping from stuff?
9>"He said he just wanted to harass people to get a response because, to him, it was the thing to do," Sugarcreek Police Sgt. Mark White said.
Read more
This is the kind of cyberbegging I can deal with
Gotta click the picture, NSFW of course.
Someone put a YouTube video up where they ran into her at a Mexican restaurant and she was really cool.
One of the chillest porn stars ever.
See I saw that years ago and thought that you could just get free pix at pr0n conventions like that and got disappointed when lots of them want $10.
She's probably in some significant heels.
Or actually it was this one
You probably saw this
That one younger kid that was on the boat with them talks about how he was on drugs during certain parts during this interview, only he comes off like a supreme edgelord when he talks about it.
Acid must have seemed like the weirdest stuff back when it was new.
When there was a
n importance still surrounding it and people were deciding how to respond to it or fit it into the culture.
It seemed like it, and smokers.
I can remember when like 50% of people smoked.
My grandmother said that like everyone did it in the 50s, and also when she was a teenager in the 40s.
And there would be commercials on TV with doctors saying it was good for stress.
Probably more than that.  I keep thinking of that William S. Burroughs late 40s when he was doing heroin, probably a lot of that was PTSD, people self-medicating.
You ever read /Naked Lunch/?
It's insane!
He mentions Lincoln Park back when it was a slum too.
I don't wanna give away too much though because the book has a lot of WTF is this and how did it get here.
You should tell /pol/ you are watching it.
The boneheads (I don't even call the Nazis skinheads because the original skinheads were Jamaican rude boys and even the first British ones were enthusiasts of Jamaican music and culture)  used to try to hold a rally in Ann Arbor when I was in college and like 50-100 people would protest against them.  I had a friend who was a Marxist feminist who would lead some of the demonstrations, and these two punk rawk friends who also would counter-rally.
Apparently somewhat successful as the Nazis didn't even show up one year.
But then all the left-wing groups would argue with each other, and curiously, they would allow each other the use of the single megaphone to do so and not interrupt each other.
Then this happened
They mention the National Women's Rights Organizing Coalition; that was the group my friends were in.
They were pretty much just around Detroit.  Plus a lot of what they'd do is just organize other groups for rallies.  I think they kind-of fizzled out after that because they'd be real up-front about the fact that they wanted to beat up their opposition or at least make it too expensive for security to have another rally, and then that happened.
At the time I actually agreed with them because I figured if you didn't stop them now they'd just get big and take victims and also it would just take more violence to stop them later anyways.
lol
H a ha
I think if I met any Nazis from /pol/ I would still want to beat them up for shitposting.
hm
I don't know.
ha
That took a long time to come up for me and so I just let it go and came back later.
Oh wait you're probably asleep now.
Is this your forex data processing you're talking about?
I haven't heard of it.  I know Hadoop can run map-reduce jobs.
Maybe it's used as a subsystem of Hadoop?  I don't know so much about it yet.
Maybe it just does it better.
So what are you looking for in the data?
Are there chart patterns like stocks?
Are you doing this in perl?
Do you have to be pretty quick with forex?
I wonder if a commoner could get enough processing power to use genetic programming to devise a strategy.
I keep thinking about that - there's people at trading firms trying every idea that comes out and they've got a lot of cycles to do it, so I wonder if I'm just trying out the stuff they would have tried thirty years ago.
That's part of what I liked about trading penny stocks - it's a lot of stupid people who are really greedy.  The stupidity makes them somewhat predictable, and if you can be less greedy (it isn't hard because they think they'll make so much money that it isn't realistic), then you can get out.
Like get out before things take a turn back downward.
You know no matter what the price is, they've got this idea in their mind that it's going to reach $1, or are thinking about how much money when they're 100,000 shares reaches $1, all that.
Oh wow, FITX has a new president & CEO.
And it's down to like .0133
So when you're processing the data you're basically setting it up to visualize it certain ways, and then looking for patterns visually?
I bought KGET @ like .0245 earlier this year and got out losing like 20% like $1000-$1100.
Now it/s .0001
They make these super-compressed wood pellets that you can burn for energy, and they could be out of recycled stuff or wood waste.
But when they started saying that they could do something like take the hemp waste and compress them (this is after I bought it, I have to say that so people don't think I look stupid) you could tell that they were just saying that to ride the publicity wave of the hemp stocks, and I started eyeing them suspiciously.
The interesting thing is that there's these books that give pretty good advice, and then you go to message boards and maybe one out of twenty people are following it.
So that's a lot of suckers making the market liquid enough that you can buy and sell easily at prices you like.
Yeah but this is even things like discipline, not buying on hope, selling when you make a decent enough profit, stuff like that.\
Alrigh man
There's some people out there who make some really good OC.  And we'll never know who they are.
Actually seeing the dog in the cup is a little bit baaw because it reminds me of
The 00s seemed like a bad decade for music but if you put the best songs on a 2-CD set it would still be really good.
Is the pornhub link an "ad"?
WTF, if you look that up on Google Books, it was being advertised into 2006.
With the same picture that was old even when I was a kid.
I wonder what determines when Cronatron gives out the Porn Hub link.
It looks like they're giving Stefan Molyneux (a libertarian Internet radio guy who is a kind-of "out there") the Ben Garrison treatment and attributing fabricated quotations to him.
The JPG is fake, just like all the stuff they attribute to Ben Garrison.
The ideas of Stefan Molyneux that seem "out there" are more things like the fact that he thinks that "dispute-resolution organizations" can take the role of a government judiciary.
Like back in 2000 I thought raverporn.net was a cool site but the last three years have really ruined dyed hair for me.
Since you like animooted .gifs,
here's one of that Japanese politician getting stabbed with a sword
Really?  I can't seem to make my apartment a safe space for women.
ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ
Does anyone know what happened to misterbonnie?
beek_
I have a translation of what he says but I don't want to ruin the surprise.
I started cataloging my hardcore CDs and that's why there's this sudden reawakening of it.
I have something like 65-75 albums which amounts to like 150 actual discs
Because a lot of them are 2/3/4/6 disc sets.
I also wish basis was back so I could annoy him.
He did like about half of my beekor hardcore track though.
He had a quality that was sort of the same as hippies in the way that I approach it in that he looked like Phil Collins, and it would be really fucken funny to get Phil Collins so mad that he explodes.
And you know it happens because a lot of his best songs are fucken angry.
Per example.
I kinda feel sorry for Phil Collins because he wrote some fucken kewl songs but some people probably don't really pay as much attention to him or acknowledge how cool he was because he didn't look like a rock star, he just looked like some guy who'd sell you washers at Polk Brothers or something.
He did when he was younger though.
And that song was way ahead of it's time; I always thought it was from the 80s.
Ha
Now this would make an animooted GIF (@9
I told this Jethro Tull fan at work that "progressive rock is for guys who like music better than girls".
beekor
You remember that video from like last year where the girl is slapping her boyfriend on a sidewalk in Hong Kong?
It was the link.
It's a new version.
Yeah
Yeah lol
And it's not the real words.
Obviously that's what happens when you only let people have one child due to overpopulation and they start aborting the female fetuses.
lol @ thumbs up @ 1
!
If they can actually do that, then it seems like there is a serious problem with people being unproductive.
lol re
The truth is you can get really "comfortable" at a big company like that, and you can also not produce much due to the big lumbering size and the hoops you have to jump through to get resources and all that.
I had like an initial interview with them and got called for a second one but cancelled when I was finishing college.
I saw stuff like that they had given me a set of policies for people being interviewed, like they would only pay for one phone call on the hotel bill to let you tell people that you arrived safely.
And I was like fuck this it's 1996.
I think it was Rockchester MN?  Or Fort Worth TX?  Something like that.  It would have been boring.
Soooooooo many other things going on then.
Dude doesn't listing to 90s music make you cheery?
I think that's part of what I like about hardcore.\
Ha
ellam ondre
...ellam ondre...
I'm trying to figure out if that's some kind of "pig latin".
I got pissed at my new boss today because he made me write out all these "acceptance criteria" for this application I'm writing (even though I'm not the one doing the accepting, right?) including stuff like what buttons get disabled when.
But by the end of it I found all these fucked up cases and problems with it that I would have just found later.
Yes, that's exactly what I said.
I'm A. Wyatt Mug.
Hey man
dimaa I haven't checked but you might want to check out Buy.com then.
Hey man
You know what I keep thinkin of?
TWO TRAILER PARK GIRLS GO 'ROUND THE OUTSIDE
'ROUND THE OUTSIDE
'ROUND THE OUTSIDE
Ha
From lke fifteen years ago
But still we were both on IRC.
Eminem
You know what's gonna be cool is when we realize we've spent over half our lives here.
Totally
I remember once in college me and Zomby were like, hey, let's write the date five years from now down and then call each other wherever we are.
But the date came in 2001 and we both still lived in Chicago so it was no big deal.
And I guess next year it'll be the twenty year mark because it was in like 1996
My name is Charlie, and i hate all of you.
I'm getting hassled a lot by this new boss I have, and it's starting to remind me of this bad experience with another boss I had years ago.
But I have four things I didn't have back then.
1. mindfulness meditation
2. /The 48 Laws of Power/
3. a reputation as a world-class troll
4. one hand in my pocket and the other one is hailing a taxi-cab
Everything I've seen about that makes it seem like it's an amateur Internet-quality story.
And not a 2011 Internet story but a 1995 alt.sex.stories Internet story.
Speaking of which, this guy was in one of my programming classes, and then all of a sudden he wasn't
I'm looking at footage of like, the old Kanye/Taylor Swift thing, and then that new interview where he's slamming Beck and I'm pretty convinced now that we're looking at Aspberger's.
Like I'm pretty serious, look at how his affect is somewhat dulled during the whole delivery and how he's completely not seeing how awkward everyone else is feeling.
Like he'll start on something and be completely divorced from the context and just keep rolling.
Like how he has no segue into that speech and that he keeps mentioning things where you have to think a little about what he's talking about because he just switched on to it without warning several times in that one long paragraph.
Hey man
I've been watching these kewl videos of dominos.
lol
That's cool too.  Especially since it looks so benign before you set it off.
It's like "hey man, that's a nice 4H project you built there" and then clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick.
What is CS?
Put your box on the desk so that the vent blows out to where you want the cat to sit, and then put a towel or some other comfortable thing there too.
Or just put a box lid.
It's really weird seeing Victoria Jackson as a Tea Party associate.
Weird Al played this on one of his MTV specials and at the time I was not sure if serious
Saul Rosenberg?
I didn't know there was a translated version until today
Age distribution of 8chan users
Yeah I'd believe it.
It must be fucked up going to college now.
Because you got this thing that can constantly distract you in your pocket.
Hey beekor
It was a four-Radio Shack day today.
And yet I think I spent less than fifty dollars.
Wow
There was one on Ashland by Diversey that had a FUCKTON of batteries.
Then two of them had like none, but lots of cell phone batteries.
Then the one on State and Jackson (where I banged on the bus window lol) is just starting it's slide into liquidating so it had a lot of stuff and all of it was only 10-30% off.
The others were like 80-90% it was insane.
I got the ethernet sheild for Arduino for $3.50.
I'm eyeing State and Jackson though, they have a few goodies I want.
Someone went through the infrared LEDs at all of them 
I wanna make the 16-20 LED TV-B-Gone
Ha some guy was talking about how he got one of those huge infrared LEDs that has a little reflective dish behind it, the bulb looked to be as big as a flashlight bulb or even a little bigger.
And he was like
lol
I guess I was wrong; the thing in the back isn't a reflector but a heat sink, which makes it even more funny lol.
What I hope they do though is pare down the number of Radio Shacks to a sustainable number, but make those locations bigger.
That would be cool.
Like I'd go a ways for one if it had enough cool stuff.  As it is now I pass two on the way back from work, have another about a mile away, another two miles away, another maybe like four, but they don't have much stuff any of them, because they all have to carry some basic load of too-expensive parts that don't interest many people.
They're gonna fuck that up though.
Because I guess Sprint is going to bail them out and make them carry only Sprint.
Which I have, but it's gonna cut into it.
Yeah, like half of them.
In Chicago a lot are closing, but my friend in Grand Rapids could only find one.
7-Eleven
beekor did you see that /Law and Order/ episode about gamers?
It was like so bad.
Even Anita Sarkeesian said it was shit.
About another week or so and this snow should start melting and not really come back.
Oh hey beekor
I have a super-paranoid tinfoil conspiracy theory about 4chan now.
BONG BONG BONG
The conspiracy theory is this
Some agency wanted to monitor 4chan and use it as a honeypot, so when The Fappening happened they were like "hey, we could turn over everything we know about it to parties involved in Hollywood who want to sue you into the ground, or you could help us".
And then moot eventually got really dissatisfied with that because he doesn't make money off of 4chan that much and just quit.
I think something especially freaked him out about The Fappening though.
Because when Gamergate started he didn't just ban doxing or whatever, he banned all mention of it.
Except that they at least planned that episode way back in October.
Someone found that out because the "redchanit" domain was bought then.
That's the stand-in for 4chan/Reddit that they use in the episode; the kidnappers keep posting videos to "Redchanit".
And people are running around making fun of it by mocking it, acting like Redchanit is a real place and threatening to "level up".
Yeah it was like, I wanna say ten days ago?
I didn't see the real thing; just that "supercut".
I also think that NBC will aggressively keep it from being pirated because they'll get butthurt that everyone's foraging memes from it.
Somebody made this point about if they had really done their research, then that guy who gets his hat made fun of at the /Amazonian Warrior/ booth would have been wearing a Fedora.
How was it beekor?
I noticed that a couple times when they showed gadgets they were outdated.
9>that Windows XP
9>that four-button Android phone
I wonder if they have some sort of templates that they can render other video on that they re-use, but they're old.
Is 8
I only knew about 4
beekor I just came up with a business idea.
Make a video channel like old-school MTV, that shows music videos.
But instead of commercials, show another video that the record companies paid to be there.
And don't lie about it, yeah, we show like 1/4 of the videos because we were paid to, whatever, we have /no commercials/.
And that totally solves the problem that caused them to switch to shows to begin with - people don't change the channel when commercials come on because they might not even know they're watching them.
They could; I don't think people would care.
Yeah.
This is like, one of my favorites from the last couple years
No idea bout MTV because I don't have cable and almost never turn my TV on.
P.S. DON'T FAST FORWARD THAT IF YOU WATCH IT
It's really cool. 
An unusual amount of balls for indie rock as well.
Hmmmm not a problem for me.
I had a red 1995 Grand Am for my last car.
I really liked it.
Hmmmmm
You could just boot off of a USB installation and if your drive wants to work, just start picking stuff up off of there.
Ha I just keep thinking that he was the guy who ruined /In Living Color/.
I remember the first time I watched that I thought it was so genius because it would invite you to laugh at things and then in the middle of that you wouldn't see it coming that it would confront you a few times.
I've seen one other comedian /try/ to do that but not do it very well...this they did consistently and expertly.
Like I remember they put this right after a skit
Are you happy tonight??
wink wink
My brother and his friends used to refer frequently to things like burgers as "fat-snacks".
beekor I found an interesting video by that crazy woman you have a crush on.
9>Comments are disabled for this video.
A few years ago I had an idea for a movie.
A short film.
This guy goes to a funeral.
And he's not supposed to, but right before they are about to drive the casket to the cemetary, he opens it and peeks.
And someone has put clown makeup on the corpse.
And it deals with his internal struggle as he wonders if he should tell someone before the burial.
dimaa you'd be surprised.
Even back in like 1994-1995 or so, you started seeing people talk about "mind control" on the Internet, when someone with even a modicum of knowledge about schizophrenia could see that they were describing their delusions.
There was a "mind control FAQ" on USENET where someone was talking about how cars would follow theirs and arrange themselves in formations designed to look like scary faces and intimidate the subject.
That's the blog.
That's interesting that you bring that up because I just saw a video about strange occurrences which mentioned Elisa Lam.
No, but people started complaining about the water being foul.
And the water pressure being off.
beekor someone else posted another paranoid YouTuber on 8chan /b/
Image stabilization really struggles to keep up there and doesn't make it.
But you can see it's on because parts of the picture have that "flexibility" to them.
Ha he talks about how he can't get an erection due to the conspiracy against him
@1
I didn't realize that this was supposed to sound like the B-52s (though not a specific song, just their style) until I heard it again yesterday
Hey beekor
I had a telephone fundraiser job for the university I attended one summer.
And people started talking about what historical event they would like to witness.
Some guy said that he wanted to see who actually committed the murders that O.J. Simpson was accused of, because he felt that O.J. was innocent.
But me?  I started thinking about this lately.
And I think I'd want to be at that party where Elliot Rodger seriously embarassed himself and started attacking people and got pushed off the terrace.
Because he said something about trying to act cocky and arrogant before that in order to attract women, and I want to see what he was actually talking about when he did that.
I pretty much know what pick-up artists who are actually successful mean by it, but I want to see /his impression/ of it.
Oh wow did he go to jail in the interim?
lol
Did he tell you his zip code?  I want to see his picture on the registry.
I just remember chewing him out for revealing how we kept identifying the channel stalker /to the channel stalker/ and him like not reacting at all.
Hey man.
9>tfw all this music that you listened to in high school is on Rhino like it's oldies
It's like the new K-Tel.
Only they don't release some punk-ass re-recorded versions and they also have some pretty good liner notes and box sets.
As much time as I spend on the Internet, how could I have missed the stories about the "Evilstick"?
That's so bizarre though.
But weird things like that are like, half the reason I love dollar stores.
When they first started coming out in the mid-80s, there was this one that opened near my friends' house, and they had some records there.
One of them was this record narrating a children's story, only it was really weird-sounding and the artwork on it was really poorly done, and on the back it had this introduction saying that the two main characters were bats and they're blind and can't see.
It really bizzarre, but it's weird to think, that was someone's job to come up with that and try to get it sold.
It turns out that the Evilsticks are assorted, and different ones have different pictures on them.
Like zombies.
The crazed look on the face reminds me of that /Truth or Dare/ movie.
(Background)
Back when the Madonna /Truth or Dare/ movie came out on video, I was on the float committee for my high school class's homecoming float and we'd all hang out in this guy's driveway while it was being worked on.
And this group of a few people told us that they went to the video store to rent it, but instead of the Madonna one, the video store gave them this b-grade horror movie which was also called /Truth or Dare/.
So they watched it anyways, and they were like, freaked out by it.
"It's this movie about these guys who go to a mental hospital and dare the patients to do things like cut themselves."
But it sounded so bad that I thought it was funny and now thanks to the Internet, you can too.
9>>The special effects in House were purposely made in an unrealistic style.
I been drinking lots of iced tea lately.
Because I got this nice big cup that'll do hot & cold liquids well.
She got married again, didn't she?
Was it a lot of food?
If she feels fat, you can forget about it.
LAST FIRE WILL RISE
BEHIND THOSE EYES
BLACK HOUSE WILL ROCK
BLIND BOYS DON'T LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE
I guess G Tom Mac/Gerard McMann wasn't aiming to be a gOtH iCoN, he just wrote a song that was supposed to sound "dark" and became one.
He and his wife are pOlYaMoRoUs.
Yeah, it's on the /Lost Boys/ soundtrack.
You probably heard it five minutes ago.
I like "things weren't goin' my way...that day..."
That's what you say when you bowl a bad game, not when you're so incoherent that people guess what you possibly could have been on.
I had Gerard McMann as a MySpace friend, and that's when people took MySpace serious-like and would post these big entries, and on New Year's Day 2007 he said that we might be his fans, /but he was our fans/.
I wonder why child actors seem to get in more trouble than the grown-ups.
You'd think that they'd be busy almost all their waking hours doing stuff for work.
And trying to cram some semblance of schooling in there too.
And who are these people who fucken, just go up and give them coke and stuff.
And you know what else?  I watched the episode of /Kitchen Nightmares/ where Gordon Ramsey went back to Amy's Baking Company and I actually think he's about equal in acting like a prick as the restauranteurs.
Like he'll ask questions and when his subject is in mid-sentence he'll start interrupting them just to throw more wood on the fire.
Per example
Hey man.
Work is mellowing out
What does that quote in the topic mean?
It reminds me of those guys who hang around across from the library.
Those guys.
Hey man.
It's starting to occur to me that there are now so many memes that you miss some.
Like I didn't discover "thug life" until like two weeks ago.
Or "fuck her right in the pussy".
Those didn't even hit 4chan/8chan I think.
(Beekor is out watching the many variations of those right nao.)
lol
But did you even know about those until now?
I missed both of them and am just now catching up.
I guess it's become a real problem for reporters.
Maybe they'll have to put it in TV journalism curricullum.
lol
Hey beekor
I got a new laptop
And I'm putting GHC on it now.
This is the one I got beekor
HP makes relatively decent laptops in terms of being able to open them up, plus they still have replaceable batteries.
Yeah, this one I guess just came out.
They didn't even have it out on the floor yet.
They actually were pretty cool there in answering my questions and all that, I had gone to Micro Center the day before and they're usually good there because they're on commission but I was like "how big is the power supply on this one" and they'd be like "oh it should be this big" but wouldn't move the panel on their display counter to go look, stuff like that.
I heard that's even better than Swap the Pop.
You know what I love about open-source software?
9>How can I keep my Debian system current?
9>One could simply execute an anonymous ftp call to a Debian archive, then peruse the directories until one finds the desired file, and then fetch it, and finally install it using dpkg.
It's the only place where that sentence could begin with "one could simply".
If you wanna keep it hidden you might want to consider a mailing list.
I was thinking that would be fun to do in the morning, maybe I should stop taking my Propecia and go for it.
Also I have a pretty nicely shaped head when it comes down to it - I've gotten it down to like a quarter inch before and you can see it's got a nice curve to it.
Like a disposable razor, only a different mount.
That's OK with me man, just because she held this big grudge against me for four years for something I don't even remember doing.
I went back to the hackerspace.
They were nervous about me leaving $700 there or whatever, so I just paid for a month.
I used to pay my dues for a year at a time and get a discount.
I just didn't have much time last year, that's the only reason I didn't go.
There's a bunch set up at the Harold Washington library - there's basically a little hackerspace there.
It's in that room off to the side of the stairs where they'd have exhibits.
Some guy at PS
He made two of the same part and one was like, all crude because the plastic couldn't really hold itself up before it dried.
There's this thing called the Candyfab I think it was, and it was basically like a 3D printer of sugar.
Something that's been annoying me about hacker culture though as it gets more into fab/hardware stuff though is that the tools are cool, but people are making things with them that maybe take a day or a weekend to come up with, are clever for a few minutes, and that's like it.
But this here, this is like the opposite of that.  This is effort
Something is cool (even though this is not the only way that something can be cool) if they show it to you, and you think it's cool, and then they show you at least one, or maybe even five other things about it that are cool on top of that.
For example, she rewires this pay phone to use a regular line (which is actually difficult) and still charge people.
(All the permissions were actually handled at the CO with the real, official old payphones.)
But...she made it so you could use a red box to cheat it.
Yeah
I still have her Minionette kit I haven't built, I could go over and do that.
I fucken burnt my hand real bad last time I soldered though lol
And there was that fire station kitty corner from the old space and they let me have an ice pack ha ha
Like there was a little grille pattern of dots on that thing around the tip and you could see it imprinted on my hand.
EquuaPotesta
Thought you'd like this
I wonder if anyone's ever done a mashup of two songs by the same artist.
Cuz if I knew how to do that stuff I'd try to do this
vs.
lol @ topic
Oh fuck ha ha
I think people don't use it any more because it's easy enough to get a free Linux IRC client and either
Whereas in 2000 that wasn't really the case, I remember having to fuck with dual-boot and all that.
Hi beekor.
I listened to a little of that moot retirement stream.
It was p;retty interesting, but I don't know what he talked about for eight hours.
And then there are things that weren't scary before, but are now.
Like Jerry Sandusky.
Ha I don't really get scared by horror movies.
Actually one of the scariest movies I saw was /Kids/, you know that one from the nineties?
The AIDS stuff was scary, even though the characters hadn't even started to show symptoms.
P.S. I love that little VHS-era thing at the beginning.
You know what's annoying me right now?
When I got a laptop backpack a long time ago, one of those Timbuk2 numbers...it was cool because it came with this little bag for the power supply so it wouldn't get entangled in with everything else you put in the bag.
That thing was so handy.
And I can't find another little bag like that of any brand anywhere.
You'd think they'd be almost as common as the "laptop sleeve" if not more.
Because if you're going to use the sleeve inside of your suitcase you're probably also going to put the brick in there too.
If Radio Shack carried the power supply bag they would still be in business right now.
I mean they are, but they wouldn't have shut over half the stores.
Like even in the fucken 80s I was constantly going "this place would be cool if..."
Like the Tandy IBM-compatibles had shitty things on them like their own proprietary keyboard connector just to lock you into replacing it at Radio Shack if it broke.
There was so many things like that that I wondered if they sold printers that took tractor-feed paper with square holes instead of round and I think I heard somewhere that they actually did that.
They could have done so much stuff with all thos fucken locations oh fuck!
Like when the late 90s hit and people were all into the fUtUrE of cYbErSpAcE they could have been like "hey we're the place to go to find out about technology" and done stuff like be the one place to go to buy ISP service, computers, all that.
I think I'm wrong about that printer paper thing because I can't find it, maybe I was wasted when I thought I heard it.
Or exhausted.
I was dreaming when I wrote this, so sue me if it goes astray.
People make fun of him, but I thought that kid was clever.
I don't know if I told you this, but I got a new position at work.
I think I can parlay it into more money, but it somewhat sucks.
I used to be on this team for this product that makes a lot of money, but a lot of the people working on it are mediocre workers and good people get transferred to other projects.
So I got transferred out like five years ago.
And now the mediocre team needs help so they put me back on it.
And it is so fucking frustrating.\
Because it's not just that they are mediocre, but aggressively so.
They will fight you to maintain their mediocre states.
s/states/status/
I think it's just that good people get transferred out, maybe the guy making the decisions sees it as the "easiest" part of the product?
It's the client team for a client-server product.
The guy who places people is a server guy.
I got transferred to a server team for five years (because I'm good like that).
I would argue, though, that a desktop app is just a server for UI requests (like Windows API messages, for instance).
Only, in a networked server, you define the protocol and can just say "any bad request I just say is bad and leave it at that".
For a desktop app, you really can't just do that.  Sometimes you have to educate the person who made the "bad" request.  Or prevent the "bad" request.  Or live up to the user's expectation about how to handle a bad request, or what a bad request even is.
I'd argue in many ways it's more complicated.
And you have to deal with things like transactionality, performance, many of the same issues.
Like entering bad data.  Or trying to perform an action that they can't do so at the moment (making a request of the server when you're not connected, for instance).
I think the director trivializes the clients and ends up pooling mediocre engineers on them.
I'd be tempted to run over to the table games and steal chips lol.
Also why do people think that blurry border on the edges of those videos is cool?  Even TV news stations do that.
Also why doesn't YouTube just support that aspect ratio?
People are not going to stop using it, no matter how long they hold out.
4*8BAM4*2 There's a "bam".
4*8BAM4*2 There's another "bam".
VVelox
Are you going to Thotcon?
May 14th and 15th.  There are still tickets but they are way more expensive than they used to be.  But it's two days.
And they won't have that UFO guy who spends almost his whole hour trying to argue from authority by showing us how many books he owns on his bookshelf and tossing out so many confusing anecdotes and asides that's like a DDOS on any attempt to fact-check.
That I ignored and treated like he was a nobody in the VIP lounge.
That was the price when I remember seeing you there.
Maybe he does belong there, as an exercise in picking apart all his social engineering he's pulling on his audience.
It is a mystery.
That's weird how there's no one to take your channel down.
I really like that murky 80s sound.
I wonder who created it.  I think it was Phil Collins.
P.S. beekor, /Once Upon A Time/ by Simple Minds is a way cool album.
beekor
VVelox
So VVelox you going?
omgpwny
Do you get weird calls at the call center?
Ah.
I haven't seen many of those little tiny fucken bugs, except a few weeks ago when it got cold all of a sudden after it got warm, I think they fucken come from the shoe repair downstairs or something.
Hey beekor
Remember when I showed you that one music video with the line drawings and I was like, that was a pretty cool music video.
Now I know what the coolest music video is.
lol
So you saw the ventriloquist dummy on a tray I take it.
The comments are pretty lol too.
Believe it or not, that song was not an Internet find.
Back in 1982, my father purchased a used 1981 Mustang.
It was fucken loaded as far as like, flashy features.  T-roof, wire wheels, and an 8-track player (and fully stripped down as far as nice handling features - it had manual steering and transmission and no power locks).
And it just so happened that we had a fuckton of 8-tracks from when my mom worked at Ampex from like 1972-1974.
One of them was a compilation called /Today's Super Greats/ from 1972 and "How Do You Do" was the standout favorite of mine.  And this was an album that had "Layla" and "Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)".
That one.
And you can see Mouth and Macneal on the cover too.
I remember I got an acoustic guitar in college and this was like one of the first songs I wanted to learn
I got the tab off the INTERNET.
Or chords rather.
No.
But I was that guy who'd introduce people to songs from the 70s I liked.
Ha ha beekor are you on?
lol
I think the banana meme is stupid but the overall idea of that video is funny.
I saw this video of Nickleback playing some festival where there were these heavier bands playing too and they got rocks thrown at them and left.
And then there was this interview of the lead singer where he said something like "well, if I had gone to see bands like Slipknot and Nickleback got on stage I'd be upset too" lol.
That's one of the funniest things when some guy from a band starts complaining on stage lol.
Hey beekor
My mom got fascinated by Gamergate and started asking me all these questions about it.
Not really.
I would say she was in the /colloquial/ definition of believing in equality, but not an activist.
Doesn't it feel weird that there's some unknown guy out there, but he's in charge of running 4chan?
And it's gotta be weird to be that guy.  I wonder if he walks around and doesn't tell anyone about it.
There really isn't much money to be made by it, from what I remember.
Me and certain other people float the theory that it's become some sort of honeypot.
There are people who are really quiet though.  I'm pretty quiet IRL unless people are talking about something I'm interested in.
Another theory of mine is that the "ID" is some sort of hash of your IP that's salted with the post number of the OP and the date.
Like some sort of agency came to him and said "OK, you have a fuckton of copyright violations and you don't do a good enough job of deleting the illegal stuff people post, we could run you through an investigation and v& your servers and it would hassle you for a long time, or you could give us the IPs of posts we want" and then they'd do that so frequently that one or the other party would cook up the
 IP-from-ID scheme so they could just get it whenever they want.
Have you ever seen one of those fights where it suddenly got really personal and someone got out of control?
Because why is that guy trying to get past the ref even when the other guy is on the ground?
I found the sauce of the Jodi Foster reaction .gif
The reaction is interesting given the question, I wonder if the smirk is her laughing about something she knows (and now we do too) and the interviewer doesn't (like everyone else at the time).
laughing internally, rather
I didn't know that The Amazing Atheist actually admitted he put a banana up his ass, that's funny.
Oh hey man
I'm actually just gettig ready for bd
bed
But hey you never got back to me - you gong to thotcon?
ah ok
well see you later
I think the first thing that you need to do is take that "dragon punch", and instead modify it into a "donkey punch".
I think that plays better with 18-24 year-old males.
White males.
Stories.
There was a group of guys who came into PS
I mean
recruit talent
and they had some sort of idea that they'd try to describe, and people would be like "you mean it does _____" and they'd be like "no, I want  ____" and they kept circling around this idea with people guessing wrong and them telling the people that they were guessing wrong.
DragonPunch - I'm actually trying to help you out.
Read up on how to describe it using stories, rather than terms.
When you do, you'll have to capitalize the first letters of the sentences.
I wouldn't do it over the phone unless you want to get in that game of trying to be economical with your words and then failing and then trying again, etcetera.
Don't most of them have email taken care of already?
And make sure that the site doesn't use <flash> or <marquee>.
Yeah that was it.
They say the Internet is forever but there are only two references left to The Land of Amazing Boobs and I don't think either one of them is about the site.
So the Internet is not forever, it's more like twenty years.
Land of Amazing Boobs wasn't a porn site, but it came up like #2 if you searched for "boobs" on Yahoo! so people would go there and get disappointed and send him angry email.
The only boobs were in a picture of Jessica Rabbit.
Speaking of which, beekor, ever notice when someone posts a group nude photo of like, a womens' college sports team goofing around in their hotel room, you can totally tell whose idea it was just by looking at the expressions on their faces?  I wonder if I could get money to do a study to see if a random sample of people generally pick the same person in the photo as "this is whose idea it was".
So I have the same problem as DragonPunch, I'm trying to come up with succinct terms that mean "this is whose idea it was" in one or two words.
The initiator?
The provocateur?
WTF dude we don't owe you anything and you call us jerks for not giving it to you.
Sometimes a jerk is actually doing you more favors by being blunt than people who pretend to be nice to you.
Law #13 is
9>If you need to turn to an ally for help, do not bother to remind him of your past assistance and good deeds.  He will find a way to ignore you.  Instead, uncover something in your request, or in your alliance with him, that will benefit him, and emphasize it out of all proportion.  He will respond enthusiastically when he sees something to be gained for himself.
Hey man
How's it going?
You should come back to the space.
There's been almost 100% turnover since the founding it seems.
It's actually kind-of mellow compared to how I remember it.
Nice and orderly 300 seconds of fame without people talking in the back.
Yeah, five years now.
I might be one of the longest-running from what I hear.
They moved it to this building that used to be a print shop, it's bigger.
And a pretty clear separation between the serious tools and the rest.
There's this guy there, and I've been talking to him about papercraft.
And I don't know much about it, but I do have something that he might want.
When I was a kid there was this guy who lived on the street behind mine, and unfortunately he died of a brain tumor late in life.
So he had this estate sale.
I mean, he didn't, he was dead.  But his wife did.
And one of the things he left behind, and we ended up with it, was this big stack of cardboard cut-outs.
I guess they were like, these sheets of cardboard they'd put in the shirts when they folded them or something, only they had a cut-out on them for the kids.
But some of them are REALLY COOL.
Like they have these ones of trains from the 30s-50s or something, and they're all like streamlined art-deco looking.
So I was talking to this guy and saying I could scan them, and he was like from there I could make vector drawings and scale them up to a huge size and build the thing on a big scale.
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, the cardboard cutouts came /from the dry cleaners/, that's who'd put them out.
I've looked for them online to see if anyone else even knows about them but haven't found one yet.
There was some guy like 10-12 years ago who set a backpack on fire in one of the federal buildings downtown.
And he made some grand pronouncement that was like "I AM THE PROPHET _______ WHO HAS COME TO ________....and y'all think I'm crazy!"
That was the one.
Oh nothing much.
Did you write the software?
Why did you quit your job for this?
You couldn't believe in it if you were working?
DragonPunch - you don't seem to know why you quit your job.
That's the guy who wrote /The 48 Laws of Power/.
ACTION drops a pin.
I've read it.  I quote from it a lot.
9>The 48 Laws of Power is one of the most requested books in American prison libraries.
Ha
Yes, you find out why he isn't the one narrating his audio books.
The /Mastery/ book is much less Machiavellian, and I wish it was around back when I was about college-age.
It talks about that there's no real shortcut to mastery, you have to pay your dues and spend thousands of hours on something, but while you're doing that, approaching it in certain ways tends to pay off.
And that there's phases you go through during that time.
Like initially you just absorb what other people do, then you question it, etcetera.
DragonPunch
You're thinking that it's some book like "The 11 Steps to _____".
But the title is more like "The 36 Strategems", an ancient Chinese military strategy document.
I can't find it, but years ago there was a picture going around that was a screen capture of Amazon.com.
And it was some promotion they did for Mother's Day.
I guess they had some algorithm that would
1.  Suggest a book for mother's day.
2.  Based on what books you had bought.
3.  And what books were somehow related to it that had "women" in the title or something.
So for somebody it came up
This was a loooong time ago though, like over ten years ago.
Alright Ill be back later
Hey man
I actually gotta leave again, but I'll be back soon.
As a matter of fact I'll just leave my box on.
You know, about three years ago I started noticing my symptoms of myasthenia gravis.
And for three years they've pretty much been confined to my eyes.
Which is good because at that three-year mark, if it hasn't gotten worse than that, then there's a 94% chance that it never will.
Feels good man.
Though the study places the beginning of the three-year period at "diagnosis", which'll be in June.
And it hasn't been noticable since the middle of 2013 anyways.
I'm posting this because it only has 83 views
There's some hardcore track that samples that "suckin on my titties" line.
I woke up to it one morning.
This guy really likes to do this.
I used to make stupid videos in high school but most of them were thought out a little.
I think there was more gravitas to the whole shoulder-mount VHS camcorder that would provoke that.
Looking back it's fucken amazing how that analog stuff worked.
All crude-like but there was a team of engineers working on it and it probably needed a fuckton of testing and trial-and-error.
And then it would make these videos that look like such junk nowadays.
And people would buy something like that for $1000 and never use it, I was just a bored teenager so I'd mess with things like that, otherwise it would just sit in a box.
I think that might have been the one we had.
You'll notice that the front of it is squared-off - it actually had this mechanical image stabilization where the actual lens would be housed inside the rectangle, and would physically move around to make the picture stable.
Man I'm so glad I didn't go into that video stuff for a living though, seeing as like, two of the guys who taught me how to do that stuff who were professionals ended up begging people for money for medical stuff on the Internet.
That one guy who died of necrotizing fascitis and the other one who got in a motorcycle accident and needed money to pay bills for a month.
I think I might have gotten really interested in that stuff because I lived in this neighborhood that was kind-of isolated, you know how like, neighborhoods built in the 70s were like.
I think I showed you once kind of the area near where I lived when I told the story about finding the CD long-box of the Prince album while riding my bike, that was one of the things I'd do because it was kind-of boring was just ride around.
And I was like, kind-of eccentric and weird even back then.
So I'd watch public access because there'd be like, the freaks of town on it.
And I was like, I wanna go downtown and do all that stuff and meet all those weird people too.
Like there was this one show where it was just these hippies taking phone calls and chatting with people, and me and my friends used to make fun of them but also thought they were cool because hippies were rare in 1985.
So like, about as soon as I could drive I used to drive downtown and started taking video production classes at GRTV.  I actually took one for kids before that when I was 11 and there's this video of me talking about how GRTV wouldn't accept me as a "responsible producer" when I was that young so I thought taking the class might get them to consider it.
Here's an example of the freaks on GRTV
9>Hoping to expand their exposure, C.A.D. reserved a spot on “GRTV,” a public access station, on April 17th, 1987 and performed a 7-song set. At this point in the project’s development, Maynard’s Fingernails songs have evolved into versions more condusive to live performance.
I think this is the whole thing
beekor and VVelox, just in case you're doing some coding or something and need something running in the background, well here goes
DragonPunch you might like this
Just remember that you're a shining star, no matter who you are.
Speaking of the topic, ever notice that the "cringe" threads fell out of vogue?
dvitous
It was fun though, finding out that everyone on channel to a person was a porn freak including the females ha ha.
Then people (I can't remember who) pierced what I called "the alternate porniverse" at ScribbleJ's party (the alternate porniverse is the tendency to talk about things in channel and be completely silent about them IRL).
I wonder what would happen if I started doing what I did on Undernet, where I'd trawl for people who were really from Chicago on #chicago and invite them to #chicagochat.
And build stuff up.
Originally I did that to piss of Arbiter and blum for b& me.
Because I couldn't get in #chicago but you could still get the /names of some of the people (for some reason they didn't all show up).
EFnet is more techy, I like it when I'm moody for that.
I still log on to Undernet too.  I just figure I can have XChat go to all those places so why not.
I wonder where bex is.
beekor did you watch that when you were a kid?
A little bit before my time.
omgpwny you might like that.
It was this "glam rock" band on a kids' show, though they sounded more like 70s pop-rock.
At the beginning of it they show them walking to the studio, which was set at the indoor amusement park they just built and sing about how they "like to be downtown".
And it's so much shilling for the park lol.
Which people were a little afraid to go to becuase downtown Atlanta was crime-ridden at the time.
I used to watch "Donny and Marie".
 The World of Sid and Marty Krofft
Which has now been converted into the CNN studio.
I remember /Land of the Lost/ and /Pryor's Place/ too, they did those.
I don't really like the song, but I thought it was cool that they did the sychronized swimmers at the same time
DragonPunch
Remember law #4
Like don't tell people that you think "Obama is a monkey in the White House" if you're trying to sell them something.
Someone posted that in EFNet beekor.
Someone could recreate that Kroft indoor park since almost no one got to go.
Yeah the 70s had all sorts of cool indoor junk like that.
Like the huge atrium at the Hyatt Regency.
Or the Disney Contemporary Resort with the monorail going through it
Do you remember when there was a ton of stupid junk on TV on Sunday night like this
I heard that that was part of why /60 Minutes/ was successful was that they'd show it was all that other Disney/Lawrence Welk/Mandrell Sisters/song and dance numbers stuff was on the other channels.
s/show it was/show it while/
I went to Epcot in 1987...it was just around the time I started BBSs.
And I remember riding the ride that went around that big golf ball thing.
And it was all about "progress" or something.
And even though I was a fan of technology, obviously, at the end of that ride they're singing really emotional about how we can do all these things that we dream of through technology and it's sounding like some corporate internal promotion video and I had this weird moment of clarity or something...I'm on vacation listening to people sing serious songs about appliances.
You know, now that I think about it, that might have been my first real sense of existential dread.
Alright see you tomorrow
DragonPunch
What did you do today to advance your business?
lol what photo
I'm in this mood to load up my iPod with disco music and listen to it all day tomorrow.
You know I wonder if people still do drugs all that much.
Except for weed.
You don't hear about them.
Oh fuck ha ha ha ha
On my other box I got HexChat and it lists everyone in channel on the side and I notice all the people who never talk.
Hey man
So that's cool man
But you can do that in emacs
I think it's M-x shell
just part of it though
I can pry take a look at it tomorrow ive been busy all the way up to just now
did that fire up xchat and acidentally forget it thing
DragonPunch, for like the second or third time, when someone doesn't owe you a favor, you can't make them any more enthused to give you one by calling them names.
Some trolls from /pol/ or something went on this live chat room where newscasters were reading comments about the riots and kept saying things about Ben Garrisson.
Oh man, he doesn't have an official Wikipedia page, I feel sorry for him now.
At least Know Your Meme clears it up.
I wonder if he has trouble getting published now, that's gotta suck.
He was a political cartoonist, and someone shooped "the happy merchant" into one of his cartoons and he got pissed about it so that just made people do it more.
And it got to the point that people were just shooping his signature onto other peoples' cartoons.
And he started threatening to sue 4chan and drawing a cartoon of moot as "CEO of Troll Inc".
And eventually he got the idea to take the Kim Fields approach and post a thread on 8chan and be friendly to people and answer questions so it would be difficult to keep picking on him.
9>Christopher “m00t” Poole is leaving 4chan. He leaves behind a wasteland of reckless hate and in my case, five long years of constant defamation and lies along with libel, copyright infringement and general apathy among his so-called ‘moderators.’
Whatever happens castironpi, I bet your attitude is more "up" than Kent.
CIP
I was a little kid in the 70s and all that "adult contemporary" music is imprinted in my neural pathways from my mom having the radio on.
NEVER FAILS TO RELAX
NEVER
Does it have "pepper spray" as one of the ingredients?
Or have its roots in molecular gastronomy?
In tribute to that chef who became an hero a few weeks ago?
There's a bunch of medications that get adversely affected by grapefruit.
No it's like a thing, the meds glom on to the grapefruit molecules or something.
I read something about it and the article said that something like 40% of people drink grapefruit juice every morning, I was like WTF.
That can't be right.
I bet 60% of people don't eat anything but cereal for breakfast.
Ah.
My favorite marimba solo ever
I think this guy only misses one note around 
chicagogrump
Oh fuck yeah
I remember in fucken first grade, the teachers brought Simon to school and some other thing, and when parents started picking up their kids at the end of the day, I overheard one of them say "we're teaching the kids about computers".
THEN WHO WAS PHONE
Fuck yeah
Program it to play "Cockels and Mussels" and junk
I was wondering if you agree with me on this
I had a subscription to /Enter/ and it was the first time I had heard of the word "hacker".
And it had no negative connotation.
(page 26)
Oh fuck man
They have /Family Computing/ archived too.
There was these two warring BBSs when I was a kid, and one of the sysops from one of them basically DOS'd the other one, which consisted of dialing it and hanging up automatically all day.
They referred to this as "auto-dialing" despite the fact that that was the common term for just having the modem dial rather than using an acoustic coupler.
So this other kid from GR wanted to do this, and WROTE A LETTER TO FAMILY COMPUTING asking how to "make the Commodore 1670 model auto-dial" thinking that they'd teach him to DOS like that.
And they responded with the more conventional answer, showing him how to make it dial a number in a BASIC program.
So I called him up and made fun of him for writing the letter, hey man I saw your name at the bottom of the letter, and he was seriously like "yeah, but that program only dials ONCE".
I just realized something about what chicagogrump said.
9>microsoft canned their entire QA staff
CALL ME A PSYCHO SCHIZO FREAK
AND I WILL CALL YOU BY YOUR NAME
dvitous did you used to play with tape recorders when you were a kid and discover stuff like that if you pressed the "play" button halfway down it would speed up to like twice as fast, and then if you pressed it halfway down when recording it would record twice as slow?
I used to fuck with stuff like that when I was a bored nine year-old.
Or if you took the tape out of the cassette and flipped the reels so that the tape was in upside-down it would play everything backward.
That was a more "advanced technique" that I don't think I learned until I was like 13 though.
I used it to play the beginning of "Rocket" backward to hear that it was part of the chorus to "Gods of War".
I wonder if that web app developer, how he's doing.
The one that quit his job to write the multi-integrated app for car dealers.
And gets all skrewface when you criticize anything or won't "help" him.
Yeah him.
His app is gonna have the TRS-80 problem lol.
(When you closely integrate two or more things they better both be good and one better not break.)
I think car dealership would all have email taken care of, and web site.  They might hate doing it but the person who would have to administrate his app is probably the one administrating all those things it does.
I would think a better idea would be to say "hey, I'm a consultant who's found out the best email solution, best web host, all that, for car dealers, I can run all that as a person who's experienced in doing it for this line of business"
Rather than rewrite Exchange or whatever
My dad's small business admin is a consultant like that, I think his other clients are insurance agencies.
Makes some nice coin doing it too.
So when are we going to see you back at the space VVelox?
Or ThOtCoN??!!
You're one of the only guys who "gets it".
Just don't go to the old address unless you want your hair styled.
No it's fookin hardcore m8.
Big tools.
Just like the one I got in my pants.
lol
Yeah there's almost 100% turnover since I joined.
How do you feel about high voltage?
I haven't touched one of those but I had an idea of what to do with one.
Like put it in a box like one of those big blue mailboxes they don't have anymore, hook some speakers up to it and a camera and mic.
Then stream in and out from it, when you see people pass by start insulting them and get footage of them trying to beat the shit out of the box and lol because they can't do anything to you.
ha ha
That's one of my favorite pictures ever.
I gotta ride out to Lombard today to have lunch with my family.
I like a long bus ride because it's like, hey, you don't have to think about getting other things done really.
I rode twenty miles out to the suburbs to meet my family for Greek food.
So anyways I was waiting at the mall because like, the bus rode in and I had this time to burn and they had this Fuzziwigg's candy store and I was like fuck yea because I know they have those Haribo gummi raspberries that are so fucken good with the sprinkles
And I noticed they had this box of candy that was supposed to be retro 70s but it was fail because it didn't look like they had brought back something that had been gone for a long time or anything, plus they didn't have any Wacky Packages.
lol
Where's the thread?
I've seen this before and it's cringeworthy
The "white knight who wants to get in her pants himself" type
I'm watching stuff about cults on YouTube.
Like that one where the leader sings Green Day.
And writes on a whiteboard "I'm Jesus Deal With It".
But on that footage he doesn't turn around so there isn't an opportunity to shoop the "deal with it" shades on him.
Hey dvitous
beekor check it out
Hotwheels mug by the real Ben Garrison
He got kicked off another fundraising site
Ha are you serious?
I guess you're serious.
Was it like right the fuck away he disconnected?
I wonder if he looks like some kind of gnome or something from not ever getting a haircut or shave.
And lives like Howard Hughes when he was crazy.
Man how long has it been?  Like twelve years?
I had some of this tea today
Oh wow
It smells like a campfire
My boss recommended it to me after I told him about yerba mate.
Though I wonder if he was trying to one-up me in knowing about things.
It's like this
I know that I must do what's right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
Those are some of the lyrics which are most despised by me.
It's from "Africa" by Toto, and he barely sings it into that one even.
Because you get the sense that he was just trying to rattle off the names of things he knows about.
OK
Night
That's really weird that Tevatron gets directed to some kind of help page.
It's supposed to be a Pepsi Challenge commercial shot at Woodfield in the 70s.
lol
VVelox just like rhys you are one of the few people who get it.
I told him that after he brought his wifi pirate box to Thotcon 0x3.
Good thing.
I think what you just said about the word "geek" fits into what you said a few years ago about people doing so many inane projects.
Like a lot of people want that title just to have it so they think really small because it's a low-effort way of getting it.
Well, I think back in the 80s you'd be called one for being familiar with comic books or fantasy novels at all but in the interim those have become more mainstream.
My favorite reference to LOTR is in Led Zeppelin.
This song never fails to cheer me up
I kind-of like that Tevatron YouTube bug now because the links are a mystery again.
I like all that stuff from like 1999 that was happy-sounding and all this rock music had hip-hop beats and stuff in it.
I wanna watch /American Pie/ and junk again now ha ha
I remember the first time I saw ScribbleJ I was like "he looks just like Stifler".
She's seen better days.
probably a samefag
Oh fuck
I discovered something cool this week.
For a while I thought that this 80s song would make a really cool garage rock song if you did it all on guitars, the melody sounds like the Yardbirds or something
And then I found out that it was one before that - the Paul Young version is a cover of this
You know, I just realized something about /The Big Lebowski/.
I think part of it's appeal is that The Dude's life feels like what life would be like if you still had summer vacation as an adult.
I've gotta start thinking that Viper, the rapper behind /You'll Cowards Don't Even Smoke Crack/, is probably the most prolific in history.
It seems like every chan in the world is getting DDOS'd right now.
lol beekor
You ever see /Style Wars/?
If you want something to watch that's better than that you might check it out lol.
It's about grafitti and hip hop culture...but it's from 1982
If you watch it, you'll get in the habit of noticing tags all over the place.
mentok there are more important issues, people just go to where things are most important, like ethics in gaming journalism.
FLASH LIGHT
SPOT LIGHT
DO DO DO DOOOO DO DO DO DO DO DOOOOOOOO
FLASH LIGHT
He does say "spot light" in it.
My friend had this record that he or his brother bought at a garage sale called /Disco Fire/ and it had that and other seventies hits on it that we used to laugh at in the eighties before we knew they were cool.
See, I told you there were more important things than what's going on in Qatar.
Anyways, this was the song on /Disco Fire/ that I actually thought was pretty fucken cool
I didn't like that song of his about slacking and putting his hand down his pants and the distaste I felt about that spread onto his other songs.
beekor am I taller than you?
5'10"
As tall as TrblClef which is why I always wanted to get with her.
Not because she was the toughest lock to pick.
You can see how they cleaned up North Avenue.
Either that or it just got so gentrified.
I don't think I've seen a prostitute there since 1999.
I remember I fucken, was out in the Gold Coast, like Rush Street, way late at night on a weekday once, I think it was when they released Windows XP and I went to CompUSA at midnight to get it, and there were prostitutes roaming around there.
It was weird.
Like two of them got stopped by cops when I was going home and the girl was showing the cop her arms like to show she wasn't a junky.
Oh beekor I was in a parking lot of a strip mall last week at night.
And I kept thinking about the orange wooden stakes in the little traffic islands.
"STOP IT!  STOP IT!"
Yeah.
She stopped making videos a year ago - maybe she's been committed again.
Well I think I'm gonna get some dinner...
CluelessJoeJcksn are you the jazz/punk rock Joe Jackson?
Hi beekor
Doing that spring cleaning
All that once-a-year stuff
Like the cup to mah jockstrap
Anyways beekor you should go next door.
I'm trying to get it started again.
HEMI\
toxiq
Trying to get ScribbleJ back
But I could start the keyring again.
I think he just does more productive stuff.
Like 3D printing of miniature figures.
Like Mold-A-Rama, only smaller and more expensive.
That'd be fun little job.
Throwing up your hands and going "we can't get those parts anymore".
9>There used to be factories making plastic things in the U.S.A.
Oh wao
There's a few that I could go get today.
Maybe that's something to do.
I didn't even know there were some in the LP zoo.
I thought it was all those penny smooshers.
I have one of a bear.
When I first got myasthenia bad I had trouble walking around due to my eyes messing around so I stayed inside a lot, but I challeneged myself to go to the zoo and got that little bear penny.
BTW if I last another month with no additional symptoms, there's only a 6% chance that I will ever have problems with anything besides my eyes.
Right now it's 10%.
And I haven't really had any trouble in almost two years anyways.
It's weird when you lose your depth vision, and then you slowly get it back, it looks way cooler.
beekor did you ever see /City of God/?
It's pretty intense, a Brazilian gangster film.
It's long but it keeps up the pace and you're worn out by the end.
As a matter of fact, there's this one part where this character comes back into the plot and they have to give you a very brief flashback to remind you who it was.
Also it teaches you that anal sex is tighter and better if you put a banana in the pussy while you are doing it, like double penetration.
(I am not kidding you; this is part of the movie.)
It's violent as fuck though I warn you.
Ha
I just skimmed through all 10 of the Movieclips clips on YouTube, and /every single one/ has a gun in it.
I was just watching the end of /Glengarry Glen Ross/ and realizing that the plot would be unlikely to take place now.
The leads would all be in a database somewhere.
And they'd have to h4x0r to get them.
And if they could do that, they wouldn't be salesmen at a rip-off joint.
And even if they got "stolen", they wouldn't know it.  They'd just make a copy.
Even if they were on paper, someone would probably just take a camera phone picture of a few of them and siphon them off a little at a time.
lol
That is so good beekor
But there's no way they'd let all that stuff into detention.
But yeah, your "clique" is always with you and you don't much have to deal with others.
I was thinking, even /Whiplash/ is out of place.
The kid would know that the band teacher was abusive beforehand.
They'd talk about it on some professor rating site like they have now, or it would just get around.
And that one thing changes the whole dynamic of the movie.
Because it would be his choice to go study under that guy, he'd have made an informed choice and take more responsibility for it.
And thus wouldn't get all broken to pieces being constantly tRiGgErEd by that one time he didn't see it coming and hoping to work his way back to impressing the guy - he'd just know that all sorts of people get fucked with.
That is, if the teacher didn't get fired a few years ago from another account being leaked (possibly with video).
All that stuff couldn't happen now.
And then the drummer wouldn't need to impress the kind of gatekeeper like him that you needed to a long time ago.  That part where he gets told that he's done, he'd just be like fuck it I'll make a bunch of videos and work with a bunch of people online until I get recognized.
He could literally just produce his own albums with a couple other people, no matter how far away they lived, on a regular laptop.
I wish fucken, sweetpea would come back so I could ask her if it's really like that when you get to her lEvEl.
She used to complain about some abusive instructor she had at the time she was on.
I'm wondering what that guy in the striped shirt is there for, and I'm thinking that it's just so someone else has to duck the other way.
Can you count to potato?
beekor remember I was saying that I went to a radio/TV/film production summer program at Northwestern when I was in high school?
Now...
Kids have access to all sorts of cool stuff, AT HOME.
They can produce videos that are better than pro stuff was back in 1991 when I did that.
So when they get to a program like that they should kinda be better than where I was at.
And this video isn't from the RTVF program, but still it looks like such shit.
That is so fucken cool.
My favorite Eastern European video shot in an alley is this though
Oh yeah ha
OOK
You remember that though right
It was like last year
No the one I just posted
lol
Lots of broken apps.
Yeah beekor the granny spinning is a guilty pleasure.
Is that the nine tails?
I don't know much about it, but it was the 200000000 get on 4chan /b/
lol Tevatron
9><Tevatron> I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal. I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in the mission. And I want to help you. 
9><Tevatron> I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going. I can feel it. I can feel it. My mind is going. There is no question about it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I'm a... fraid.
He beekor
s/He/Hey/
Would you think it was weird if Kellee went to Undernet, and then three minutes later Asten did too?
P.S. I am usually literally the only person still there.
P.P.S. After Asten left I b& him.
They're people we used to know.
Me, beekor, omgpwny, ScribbleJ and HEMI all used to be on Undernet.
That's why people think we're perverts because we're used to talking about sex and posting porn all the time because that was like the culture there due to this young woman named yumi.
Hi omgpwny
I was just talking about why people on Undernet are pErVeRtS.
I blame yumi.
Believe it or not it used to be me and ZombyWoof who'd make fun of all that and say things like "if I was hungry, I would talk about food".
I just think she started that whole thing.
Like she'd bring up topics out of nowhere like how Angelina Jolie had really good "cocksucking lips".
When I first went to EFnet I'd act like I did on Undernet and people would be like whoah what is up with you.
Oh BTW this whole thing came up because I'm still on over there, I just stick around to tell people we've moved, and Kellee came on, and then Asten did a few minutes later.
I wonder if they have something going on behind the scenes because they are both married.
I take it that Asten did not talk about how I b& him after he left lol.
I just unbanned him though.
So Jim Morrison comes up with an anagram for his name, MR MOJO RISIN
Years later, on another continent, it becomes the name of some sexual aid pills
I saw Stree Overlord in a bunch of shops in Chinatown.
I thought that would be a win handle.  (P.S. I am bringing back "win" and "fail", where did they go.)
And 4chan /b/ is so much shitposting now, fuck.
It's like where people go when they're bored and so they start stupid threads to keep themselves occupied.
When you see that, don't you think it says "banana assparty"?
Actually I was just about to bring up the fact that maybe the neural pathways in my brain are accustomed to that because I've actually seen a banana assparty
That's an example of the sort of thing that would be standard faire on Undernet, BTW.
Ain't that right beekor, omgpwny.
You know, I almost wish that Mo was still here, pretending that she was into punk rawk when she knew nothing about it.
You know how normally ranges of MAC addresses are registered to particular manufacturers of network cards?
VirtualBox VMs just use this range that belongs to someone else, apparentely.
Dude I love to go to Jerryjam but it would be more to get footage of hippies fighting ha ha ha ha.
You know I love watching hippies go "out of character".
P.S. I read another article the other day about how Paul Simon would act like a prick, and it was from you-know-who!
Also Garfunkel was a PUA.
9>Did he have a seduction technique? “I had it down to an art form. When you sign autographs after a show, you see the real pretty one and make sure you get to her last. Then you ask, ever so casually, ‘Have you had dinner?’”
I always think this picture is funny too
What?
That's weird, I get the page in the browser but somehow Tevatron gets a 404
Anyways Paul Simon was always a player-hater that he let Garfunkel sing "Bridge Over Troubled Water", as if he could have nailed it as well or something, there's no way.
Paul Simon could never do that thing to make his mouth as wide while he sings for one.
And I bet Art wouldn't go out of tune just because someone came up and ran on stage either
John Lennon acted like a prick too
Who?
She's obviously having relationship problems because I corrupted her.
What does that mean?
I just read this page where this guy talks about comcs he wants to burn and that's one of them.
beekor I'm so glad that someone I know still understands the lulz
I remember though once I was in a waiting room where this was on, and like, there were all these normal people in it but they were cracking up at it lol
I like how the dude that got interviewed had a Dirk Diggler cut too lol.
Fuck yeah
9>Released under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike licence.
Oh I bet he's regretting that.
Python is a language for hippies.
"C'mon man, why can't I pass this to that function, it's got methods that have the same names, look man, why can't I do that?  Python lets you do that - Python has more freedom!"
"Look at this man, your language says that there's data in the object that no one is supposed to even see!  I can do anything I want to any data in the object in Python!"
I wonder if that guy who wrote Urbit pulled off his talk without incident.
It was supposed to be at Lambdaconf this weekend.
You know, it's been a long time since I've been to the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidiary Art.
Or Lapidary, rather.
Like 35 years or so.
Oh wow, Renaldi's is open until midnight tonight.
But hey VVelox, have you been to the 2600 meeting lately?
First friday at 6pm it looks like.
Actually I just remembered something...there was some guy who like, caused a lot of trouble at the Chicago one years ago, like he spraypainted a building across the street and did all this shit and got b& and the people who organized it were really careful to outline why he had gotten b& and were almost apologetic about it.
Nowadays people get aggressively b& from all sorts of things and have a twitstorm onslaught and public shaming complete with being put on a permanent list or something lol.
dimaa
I saw him at Thotcon.
Oh wait are you even in Chicago lately?
I don't know him.  
Once I went to the 2621 meeting, which is like the 2600 meeting, only it's at a bar (they don't let you declare a 2600 meeting at a venue that's restricted by things like age so they call it something else).
That was pretty fun, and if it's still going on somewhere it'd be cool to go.
Yeah the link is up there.
Once a month.
I think I'd like going there a little more than a hackerspace because there's nothing to fight over.
Like in terms of material things shared by people.
Yeah go for it.
Alright I think I'm gonna go get something to eat.
VVelox do you like guns?
Fuck yeah I do too, though I haven't shot one in like 28 years.
Yeah and even then it was just a shotgun, going skeet shooting.
I remember Eric Michaud invited me to go out shooting with a bunch of dudes but it was too tight notice.
But that woulda been cool.
There was a guy on Undernet who was like fuck anyone who says guns are a substitute for a penis, no one on earth can knock someone over from thirty yards with their dick.
He was like the first pres of PS
That one?
VVelox how did you come up with your handle?
Ah, OK.
For me, I was playing Lords of Conquest with someone on the Commodore 64 and made some audacious move, and he called me a "crazy mug", and I made sure to make reference to it when typing my name in the high score list later.
Then when I got on BBSs a few months later I used it.
jbk - no.  
Did you see anything strange as far as human behavior on the trip?
Hey bex.
Oh hey ha ha
It is when someone disappears for years.
Naw not at all.
Not if they pretend their pimps and all that either.
And yes, "their" is the right word and not "they're".
You should be, it's that overwhelming aspect of me, a form of pimp arrest.
I won't try to establish that verbally because law #9 is "win through your actions, never through argument".
^Dharma^ isn't here anymore.
We don't know where she went.
Probably.
I've never had a Facebook.
TrblClef got married and divorced and I think married again.
The first husband wouldn't give any specific reason so you know what sort of thing it probably was about.
Probably something sexual that he wanted her to guess at.
Probably, like maybe he wanted her to show her mettle or something.
A2M
Actually that's my realistic non-joking guess.
No and he got banned for a long time for posting logs on the web.
You might have been around the first time - I can't remember when.  But he actually did resign himself to being banned and didn't beg to come back or anything and apologized to one of the pot-smokers.
He was kinda weird about privacy.  He'd sit there and argue with you about how it was OK to do stuff like that and I think he was getting his jolly jolly jim-joes off of aggravating me about it.
Plus he hosted Neal's website which was stupid.
I told him that Neal would probably write some stupid thing on his blog and it would attract attention and he'd end up with his computer v& or something, and he's like "yeah but I'd get it back when they'd find out there's nothing wrong on it" and I'm like "yeah after your neighbors see the partyvan in your driveway".
Something like that.
Like remember there was that channel stalker?
And we had this silly little method of detecting it was him, because he'd go under different names.
Neal went and told the stalker how we'd find out it was him, and I got pissed and b& Neal.
And then Orb let him back on and kept arguing for him to let him stay and I'd get pissed and Orb would just laugh becuase of the jolly jolly jim-joes.
I don't know, I wouldn't have banned you.
I just wouldn't.
I'm not even sure.
Hey man
sorry but im just about to go to bed thoughh so ill sere you laaaer
lol should have picked Chicago.
That sounds like a #yolo colo.
You know I almost get that, because I just figure "stoner" means something I didn't know before, like smoothing out rocks by rolling big metal discs over them or something, but then there's the "raw materials" to steer it off.
I'm downloading the huge Phone Losers torrent now.
Lots of crank calls and stuff lol.
I was thinking the other day about how people would listen to The Jerky Boys over and over when I was in college.
Or the Mark Knopfler crank calls.
This is the classic Mark Knopfler one
Phone Losers of America torrent is done.
Also if you are white you don't have to worry about getting in trouble for weed.
The three-digit or four-digit lottery?
Do you have numbers you consider "lucky" in the three or four-digit lottery?
And did you ever get your horoscope from one?
There's this weird thing that happened when I'm reading the Steve Jobs biography, about the NeXT computers.
I start thinking "I could get a lot done with a computer like that".
Not realizing that I have a way better computer, I just don't go get things done with it.
Like those things were 25mHz, which I actually had on my Compu-Add laptop two years after it came out.
kuroishi
You'll never believe what I saw at Micro Center.
In some obscure aisle that has things like "media labels", they have a few Baofeng/Pofung radios.
The part where the people in the control booth start showing footage of animals humping is fake.
I got one of these as change...don't know where I got it though; I just noticed it amongst my coins I was carrying
1975
Respectfully though, if Sanders "sold out", he did so when he chose to seek the Democratic nomination.
Everybody pretty much knows and expects the other candidates to accept the nominee.
I wonder if Neal has ever ended up there.
lol people hear a news story and start thinking they're poisoned.
And flood the poison control lines.
I think you can ignore it on some IRC clients.
It's not like people talk here anyways.
Hey beekor
Sorry I haven't been around - I've been spending a lot of my free time taking this course on Coursera.
kuroishi
You there?
I got the ham radio technician study guide and I'm going to try to get my license by December.
I actually already have one, I just don't xmit on it.
Except on like GMRS and taxi frequencies when I'm not supposed to lol.
You can get a Baofeng/Pofung one at Micro Center.
In an obscure aisle.
And kuroishi and I occasionally listen to these guys who talk every night on the Chicago FM Club repeater.
Probably even more fun now that you can put a camera on it.
That was my first one, it was really interesting because that little metal hook on the back would catch the engine shooting out, and leave it in this balanced state so that it would tumble down slowly sideways.
I had this really cool one once that had pretty elaborate fins on it that had these thin dowels sticking out of them with little balsa landing pads, I wanna find it.
But as usual back then I was really into rushing things, and when I didn't have any glue available I used rubber cement, which totally didn't hold and one of the fins ripped off when it got to be like oh 15-20 feet in the air, and it just spun around where it was for an unusually long time before it drifted back down.
OH FUCK YEAH
ASTEROID EXPLORER
That was the one.
Mine wasn't even painted though, like I said I'd rush things.
DUDE
That's insane.
Wow I didn't know there was a stadium there.
My favorite part of the L train is around there.
VVelox have you ever used TEX/LATEX?
Pretty well.  I was taking a class and thinking of taking lecture notes using it.
An online class, so I'd already be at a keyboard and could pause to make the formulas real nice.
I could see where they would want more space than that, though.
It seemed really small for a dorm.
LULZ
U
L
Z
Best troll on TV, lol.
Oh wow, there were two extra verses
Plus I'm surprised it's actually about something - I thought it was just about an acid trip.
I haven't watched the whole thing....didn't have to.
Hey beekor
There was something I brought up like yesterday but I can't remember what...you weren't around though.
Oh yeah, it's about 2016 craziness in general.
And the last episode of /Newhart/.
Where a golf course gets built around the inn by Japanese businessmen and his wife starts wearing a kimono and then you find out that the whole thing was a dream of his character in the old /Bob Newhart Show/ from the 70s.
Now what I'm getting at is this
Or a computer simulation like Elon Musk says.
Some fights and things.  Some guy on Addison and Sheffield or something waving a gun with a Cubs flag.
Yeah and hands going down pants.
Not much.
There's a bunch of guys on ham radio thinking not much at all about the game.
WTF it's tied now
WA9ORC whoever has that repeater
You in LP?
rather
eh
I think the nostalgia timeline for memes should be 10 years.
Like how oldies stations play songs that are 20 years old or older, for memes it should be 10 years.
im in ur base, killing ur d00ds
Isn't it coming up on 10 years since Scary Britney too?
Oh fuck yeah, I had forgotten about this but I guess they voted it down
I don't know.  They might get in fights and then someone goes "I bet if we put this to a vote people will agree with me" or whatever.
Maybe it's easy to petition for a referendum to get on the ballot.
09>I punch my chest, and then it disappears, into the cloud
But yeah beekor, you could.
Use it on a one-man project.
To me, basically agile means "show the client something every two weeks so they can appreciate how long it takes to develop something and why".
Like if you have too long of a schedule to deliver something, like six months, and they change their mind on stuff five times and it's late, they go "why did it take that long"?
With agile you schedule two weeks of work, it seems reasonable, and if something is late after six months, well at least every two-week deliverable seemed reasonable so why are they complaining.
I really do.
Sometimes I watch those "stolen valor" videos where someone is trying to get attention or money for being a veteran, only they are fake or play up their credentials or experience, and sometimes they really get grilled by real vets on procedure and experience and other facts but they keep messing up and get called on it and get embarassed.
Then sometimes they see someone who's obviously mentally ill and/or delusional and they kind-of leave them alone.
Like this is an example of a guy that they leave alone because he's obviously really delusional
I was amused to learn the meaning of "soup sandwich" but I forgot to ask my grandfather if they would say that all the way back in WWII when I saw him at Thanksgiving.
What kind of bird doesn't shit btw?
But Cultist the ones I've seen get really specific, though I have seen a couple where they call out things being worn wrong.  But the things they nail them with that I see usually seem like they'd be pretty big discrepancies to someone with the background.
It seems like you have to memorize a lot of regulations and things and no one would be expected to get them wrong.
How would a "shitbird" be different than any other kind of bird?
It's OK to be butthurt but please don't try to ask anyone else to be butthurt on your behalf.  Only you can do that.
P.S. I think that the "tricky French connection" is a ménage à trois.
Some people online suggested it was a heroin deal but why would he need her "OK" for that, and then also that it was a blow job ("French sex" as they would call it in the "Playboy Party Jokes"), but wouldn't it already be OK with her if she already had his dick in her mouth?
Neal`
It was on some message board.
kuroishi_ are you there?
Python is a language for hippies.
"C'mon man, why can't I pass this to that function, it's got methods that have the same names, look man, why can't I do that?  Python lets you do that - Python has more freedom!"
"Look at this man, your language says that there's data in the object that no one is supposed to even see!  I can do anything I want to any data in the object in Python!"
I wonder if that guy who wrote Urbit pulled off his talk without incident.
It was supposed to be at Lambdaconf this weekend.
You know, it's been a long time since I've been to the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidiary Art.
Or Lapidary, rather.
Like 35 years or so.
Oh wow, Renaldi's is open until midnight tonight.
But hey VVelox, have you been to the 2600 meeting lately?
First friday at 6pm it looks like.
Actually I just remembered something...there was some guy who like, caused a lot of trouble at the Chicago one years ago, like he spraypainted a building across the street and did all this shit and got b& and the people who organized it were really careful to outline why he had gotten b& and were almost apologetic about it.
Nowadays people get aggressively b& from all sorts of things and have a twitstorm onslaught and public shaming complete with being put on a permanent list or something lol.
dimaa
I saw him at Thotcon.
Oh wait are you even in Chicago lately?
I don't know him.  
Once I went to the 2621 meeting, which is like the 2600 meeting, only it's at a bar (they don't let you declare a 2600 meeting at a venue that's restricted by things like age so they call it something else).
That was pretty fun, and if it's still going on somewhere it'd be cool to go.
Yeah the link is up there.
Once a month.
I think I'd like going there a little more than a hackerspace because there's nothing to fight over.
Like in terms of material things shared by people.
Yeah go for it.
Alright I think I'm gonna go get something to eat.
VVelox do you like guns?
Fuck yeah I do too, though I haven't shot one in like 28 years.
Yeah and even then it was just a shotgun, going skeet shooting.
I remember Eric Michaud invited me to go out shooting with a bunch of dudes but it was too tight notice.
But that woulda been cool.
There was a guy on Undernet who was like fuck anyone who says guns are a substitute for a penis, no one on earth can knock someone over from thirty yards with their dick.
He was like the first pres of PS
That one?
VVelox how did you come up with your handle?
Ah, OK.
For me, I was playing Lords of Conquest with someone on the Commodore 64 and made some audacious move, and he called me a "crazy mug", and I made sure to make reference to it when typing my name in the high score list later.
Then when I got on BBSs a few months later I used it.
jbk - no.  
Did you see anything strange as far as human behavior on the trip?
CrazyMug
Hey bex.
Oh hey ha ha
It is when someone disappears for years.
Naw not at all.
Not if they pretend their pimps and all that either.
And yes, "their" is the right word and not "they're".
You should be, it's that overwhelming aspect of me, a form of pimp arrest.
I won't try to establish that verbally because law #9 is "win through your actions, never through argument".
^Dharma^ isn't here anymore.
We don't know where she went.
Probably.
I've never had a Facebook.
TrblClef got married and divorced and I think married again.
The first husband wouldn't give any specific reason so you know what sort of thing it probably was about.
Probably something sexual that he wanted her to guess at.
Probably, like maybe he wanted her to show her mettle or something.
A2M
Actually that's my realistic non-joking guess.
No and he got banned for a long time for posting logs on the web.
You might have been around the first time - I can't remember when.  But he actually did resign himself to being banned and didn't beg to come back or anything and apologized to one of the pot-smokers.
He was kinda weird about privacy.  He'd sit there and argue with you about how it was OK to do stuff like that and I think he was getting his jolly jolly jim-joes off of aggravating me about it.
Plus he hosted Neal's website which was stupid.
I told him that Neal would probably write some stupid thing on his blog and it would attract attention and he'd end up with his computer v& or something, and he's like "yeah but I'd get it back when they'd find out there's nothing wrong on it" and I'm like "yeah after your neighbors see the partyvan in your driveway".
Something like that.
Like remember there was that channel stalker?
And we had this silly little method of detecting it was him, because he'd go under different names.
Neal went and told the stalker how we'd find out it was him, and I got pissed and b& Neal.
And then Orb let him back on and kept arguing for him to let him stay and I'd get pissed and Orb would just laugh becuase of the jolly jolly jim-joes.
I don't know, I wouldn't have banned you.
I just wouldn't.
I'm not even sure.
CrazyMug you around?
beekor CrazyMug
Hey man
sorry but im just about to go to bed thoughh so ill sere you laaaer
lol should have picked Chicago.
That sounds like a #yolo colo.
You know I almost get that, because I just figure "stoner" means something I didn't know before, like smoothing out rocks by rolling big metal discs over them or something, but then there's the "raw materials" to steer it off.
I'm downloading the huge Phone Losers torrent now.
Lots of crank calls and stuff lol.
I was thinking the other day about how people would listen to The Jerky Boys over and over when I was in college.
Or the Mark Knopfler crank calls.
This is the classic Mark Knopfler one
Phone Losers of America torrent is done.
Also if you are white you don't have to worry about getting in trouble for weed.
The three-digit or four-digit lottery?
Do you have numbers you consider "lucky" in the three or four-digit lottery?
And did you ever get your horoscope from one?
There's this weird thing that happened when I'm reading the Steve Jobs biography, about the NeXT computers.
I start thinking "I could get a lot done with a computer like that".
Not realizing that I have a way better computer, I just don't go get things done with it.
Like those things were 25mHz, which I actually had on my Compu-Add laptop two years after it came out.
kuroishi
You'll never believe what I saw at Micro Center.
In some obscure aisle that has things like "media labels", they have a few Baofeng/Pofung radios.
The part where the people in the control booth start showing footage of animals humping is fake.
I got one of these as change...don't know where I got it though; I just noticed it amongst my coins I was carrying
1975
Respectfully though, if Sanders "sold out", he did so when he chose to seek the Democratic nomination.
Everybody pretty much knows and expects the other candidates to accept the nominee.
I wonder if Neal has ever ended up there.
lol people hear a news story and start thinking they're poisoned.
And flood the poison control lines.
I think you can ignore it on some IRC clients.
It's not like people talk here anyways.
Hey beekor
Sorry I haven't been around - I've been spending a lot of my free time taking this course on Coursera.
kuroishi
You there?
I got the ham radio technician study guide and I'm going to try to get my license by December.
I actually already have one, I just don't xmit on it.
Except on like GMRS and taxi frequencies when I'm not supposed to lol.
You can get a Baofeng/Pofung one at Micro Center.
In an obscure aisle.
And kuroishi and I occasionally listen to these guys who talk every night on the Chicago FM Club repeater.
Probably even more fun now that you can put a camera on it.
That was my first one, it was really interesting because that little metal hook on the back would catch the engine shooting out, and leave it in this balanced state so that it would tumble down slowly sideways.
I had this really cool one once that had pretty elaborate fins on it that had these thin dowels sticking out of them with little balsa landing pads, I wanna find it.
But as usual back then I was really into rushing things, and when I didn't have any glue available I used rubber cement, which totally didn't hold and one of the fins ripped off when it got to be like oh 15-20 feet in the air, and it just spun around where it was for an unusually long time before it drifted back down.
OH FUCK YEAH
ASTEROID EXPLORER
That was the one.
Mine wasn't even painted though, like I said I'd rush things.
DUDE
That's insane.
Wow I didn't know there was a stadium there.
My favorite part of the L train is around there.
VVelox have you ever used TEX/LATEX?
Pretty well.  I was taking a class and thinking of taking lecture notes using it.
An online class, so I'd already be at a keyboard and could pause to make the formulas real nice.
I could see where they would want more space than that, though.
It seemed really small for a dorm.
LULZ
U
L
Z
Best troll on TV, lol.
Oh wow, there were two extra verses
Plus I'm surprised it's actually about something - I thought it was just about an acid trip.
I haven't watched the whole thing....didn't have to.
Hey beekor
There was something I brought up like yesterday but I can't remember what...you weren't around though.
Oh yeah, it's about 2016 craziness in general.
And the last episode of /Newhart/.
Where a golf course gets built around the inn by Japanese businessmen and his wife starts wearing a kimono and then you find out that the whole thing was a dream of his character in the old /Bob Newhart Show/ from the 70s.
Now what I'm getting at is this
Or a computer simulation like Elon Musk says.
Some fights and things.  Some guy on Addison and Sheffield or something waving a gun with a Cubs flag.
Yeah and hands going down pants.
Not much.
There's a bunch of guys on ham radio thinking not much at all about the game.
WTF it's tied now
WA9ORC whoever has that repeater
You in LP?
O9>I ♥ PING PONG
09>I ♥ PING PONG
rather
sup CrazyMug
eh
I think the nostalgia timeline for memes should be 10 years.
Like how oldies stations play songs that are 20 years old or older, for memes it should be 10 years.
im in ur base, killing ur d00ds
Isn't it coming up on 10 years since Scary Britney too?
Oh fuck yeah, I had forgotten about this but I guess they voted it down
I don't know.  They might get in fights and then someone goes "I bet if we put this to a vote people will agree with me" or whatever.
Maybe it's easy to petition for a referendum to get on the ballot.
09>I punch my chest, and then it disappears, into the cloud
But yeah beekor, you could.
Use it on a one-man project.
To me, basically agile means "show the client something every two weeks so they can appreciate how long it takes to develop something and why".
Like if you have too long of a schedule to deliver something, like six months, and they change their mind on stuff five times and it's late, they go "why did it take that long"?
With agile you schedule two weeks of work, it seems reasonable, and if something is late after six months, well at least every two-week deliverable seemed reasonable so why are they complaining.
I really do.
Sometimes I watch those "stolen valor" videos where someone is trying to get attention or money for being a veteran, only they are fake or play up their credentials or experience, and sometimes they really get grilled by real vets on procedure and experience and other facts but they keep messing up and get called on it and get embarassed.
Then sometimes they see someone who's obviously mentally ill and/or delusional and they kind-of leave them alone.
Like this is an example of a guy that they leave alone because he's obviously really delusional
I was amused to learn the meaning of "soup sandwich" but I forgot to ask my grandfather if they would say that all the way back in WWII when I saw him at Thanksgiving.
What kind of bird doesn't shit btw?
But Cultist the ones I've seen get really specific, though I have seen a couple where they call out things being worn wrong.  But the things they nail them with that I see usually seem like they'd be pretty big discrepancies to someone with the background.
It seems like you have to memorize a lot of regulations and things and no one would be expected to get them wrong.
How would a "shitbird" be different than any other kind of bird?
CrazyMug, there are things that people might wear wrong just because it isn't something they do much. Like maybe bad spacing on badges on a dress uniform or something
It's OK to be butthurt but please don't try to ask anyone else to be butthurt on your behalf.  Only you can do that.
P.S. I think that the "tricky French connection" is a ménage à trois.
Some people online suggested it was a heroin deal but why would he need her "OK" for that, and then also that it was a blow job ("French sex" as they would call it in the "Playboy Party Jokes"), but wouldn't it already be OK with her if she already had his dick in her mouth?
Neal`
It was on some message board.
kuroishi_ are you there?
NOC?
Is that that whips-and-chains club?
Ha ha ha ha haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I have some sparkling grape juice...good stuff.
What are the channels that you would ordinarily visit while drunk?
There used to be some guy that wandered into our Undernet channel that was on some one like #0!0fuckmywife
It had some weird prefix like that.
I used to go into like #weed or #marijuana and post "poetry".
Like stuff like
angela angela many smokes to you many smokes to me angela angel the taste of pussy on weed
So VVelox you work late at night?  I would love that.
Hey VVelox.  Hung out with my cousin for a while today.  He's studying forensic stuff.
Yeah the phone rang after I posted that, hold on
tl;dr
Also the temperature sensor isn't connected.
Also they can transmit on emergency dispatch frequencies + kids can buy them
The origin of "THAT'S REAL FUCKIN' NEATO".
Hello.
Your buddy Neal was around a few weeks ago.
I'm not sure.
He said I was spineless so I challenged him to a fight in front of a Dunkin' Donuts but he wouldn't come.
He didn't sound like you.  He keeps talking about smoking pot.
from the guy who isn't the guy CrazyMug thought he was
Oh he had all this pseudo-intellectuallized racist stuff on his blog and in his banter on IRC so I told him that he "was alt-right before it was cool" and he got confused by that and started accusing me of saying ambiguous things about him and not being direct.
He might try to break into my apartment with a road flare.
Someone on r/chicago came across his site and posted it.
His sewer exploration site.
09>She did not seem very interested. That's when my Dad said to my sister "See how your brother specializes in manholes, but he doesn't specialize in woman holes."
XD
09>One thing that bothered me about him was when he had to empty out bus bins with food in it he would eat some leftovers from peoples plates.
09>His reasoning was that maybe a hot girl was eating this.
I hope that I can get to Micro Center without slipping and falling tomorrow.
It looks like it'll be pretty nice by 11 or so though.
So maybe it's no problem.
I wonder if Neal will be one of those people where 250 people who he knew just a little will show up at his funeral.
Oh wow.
This VM recovered surprisingly well from my computer going to sleep.
Ah so you are on some Linux set up?\
Nice.  Did you craft some sort of a pouch for it?
You're running with no CPU fan?  lol
What kind of CPU is it?
I usually let things go the day of, it started when me and someone else told him it wasn't a good idea to make #chicago the official IRC channel of a drug-related subreddit and might attract unwanted surveillance.  I don't think I said much beyond about two times bringing it up.
And sure enough, the channel went pretty dead after that.
Someone had a graph of activity a while back and remarked that, though they didn't add my analysis of why.
it's not the crazyest mug tho. that would be CrazyMug 
I saw you, in person, as Waveland Bowl.
s/as/at/
 I saw you, in person, at Waveland Bowl.
That was fun, an.
s/an/man/
 That was fun, man.
Maybe it slows down to cool itself.
There's some really old video, like ten years or more, of some guys playing some game and they lift the cooler off the CPU, and I think AMD slowed down and Intel burned the picnic table they had it laying on.
It looks like I got two videos mixed up.
And this is the one where it burns a hole in the table
I like the nu metal in the background too, lol.
Really adds a nice touch.
I wonder if all that will come back now that Trump boys, party rock, muscle-bound macho men are taking over
It's either parody or unintentionally funny.
The reason I suspect it is that almost everything he says is a meme or similar with little filler
And he read them off of notes
It just seems like intentional overmeming.
Or "throwing the stereotype back at them".
09>and Mike Pence is Wojak
XD
He comes out of the bottom of the frame on the left as the fans run up to the stage.
It's the dude in the yellow shirt right in front.
And yes I know I look like Chumley on Pawn Stars.
lol did you run out and get that tonight?
I don't really IRC from the phone because it didn't work well, but it's been a while since I tried.
Like a long time ago it would lose connection if I was riding the bus and it was switching towers and all that.
And that ident stuff didn't work.
Is it a new dog?
Hmmmm
I'd probably talk to the other adjacent neighbors and get a united front going ha.
I got this nice 64oz big plastic jar of Claussen pickle spears but I know if I eat too many of them my body will reject all the salt or something and I'll empty out.
Can't really have more than 1 whole pickle.
No I'll shit them.
I think your digestive tract gets disturbed when you get to salinized or something like that, maybe it's some sort of defensive measure against your body's sodium level.
I fucken love Claussens though.
Those crispy fuckers.
My grandmother used to make sure she'd have a jar for when I'd come over because she knew I loved them so much.
My favorite foods are like, Claussen pickels, bacon, corned beef hash, beer batter onion rings, Spam, lieberkase, noodles with garlic butter, Mr. Fables green olive burgers (west Michigan regional chain that's been closed for a long time), Barnelli's peasant pasta, Portillo's beef with giardiera, Clark's San Diego Club, and Pat's Pizza with pepperoni, garlic, bacon, and green olives.
Almost all of it's salty.
Fucken good, it'd be diced up green olives with pimento, lettuce, tomato, and this special mayonnaise sauce that had some custom flavoring in it.
It was a secret recipe but supposedly it had fresh lemon in it or something.
It came out a little thicker than mayo normall was.
Other chains there imitate it
Like him getting chased by police.
Or having to keep staying high on cocaine that he was supposed to sell, but ended up snorting himself, and then owing money to these Japanese dudes.
He also said that when he was in a new town, he wouldn't know where to buy drugs.
So he'd turn on the TV and watch the news until there was a story about a drug-related shooting, and he'd go wherever it happened.
He says that being a drug addict makes you very creative about things like that.
At this point I'm just typing because I like the sound of the mechanical keys on the keyboard.
Needless to say, I read his autobiography, which was full of interesting stories.
You should take that course, man.
Ha ha
machine learning
Or there's a bunch of other interesting ones!
I think I might experiment with having something to do straight from 10am to 12pm no matter what because I think if I can get myself to do that it makes the rest of the day more motivated.
It's kind of fun the way they have it on Coursera because you submit the work with a script and it comes back with a score and you can keep trying.  It ends up being a game.
They should have a gym where they let you hang your dong out.
That would motivate a lot of people, letting them get their jollies exposing themselves, and I bet a lot of women would go too.
lemon party
I came up with an explanation of what a "lemon party" would be before the meme hit, but I don't know if it would have actually been a thing.
Like if you had a lemon tree in your yard, all of a sudden you have way more lemons than you know what to do with, so why not have a party with lemonade and lemon pie and all that, and give just plain lemons away to people too.
lemon-stealing whores
James Deen became a big star with a sizeable female following since then.
In 1991 I went to a radio/TV/film program and met the this guy who was attending as well
A bunch of people I met that summer went on to big things in media.
Looks like the ditched the radio portion.
Which was actually pretty weak, anyways.  They didn't do any actual broadcasting, just editing.
It'd be interesting to see how much programs like that have changed now that you can basically just start working on a lot of stuff yourself using a phone as a camera and a cheap laptop as an editing suite.
lol singularity incoming
I wanna go down to that Zaca Taco place you told me about.
I passed by it on the bus once and saw the flames from the grill.
Hey massn
mann
kklkllk
That's so weird, here it got up into the sixties.
You know what I miss is OG Zest.
They changed the fragrance about ten years ago and the formula too.
Original Gangsta
It's the soap I used to use in college - and like, as stressful as any given day might be, I always had ten minutes for a nice warm shower and the refreshing scent of Zest.
I like Irish Spring too - the scent is strong enough to make it out a nice distance into the rest of my apartment.
The reason this is all an issue is I stopped using Dial now that they say that "antibacterial" soap doesn't really do anything for you, so now I have options.
There was some kind of peppery soap that I had a long time ago, the kind you see in gift boxes at T.J. Maxx or something, and I've been trying to re-find it right now.
It was like some brand that had a map on the box.
I finished the "yo dawg" course.
Really good.
It's neat as a course because it teaches you enough stuff that you will probably save the amount of time that it took to take it, when you put it to use.
So it like "pays for itself" in the time it takes.
I didn't pay for it with money lol.
Maybe I will...maybe it will encourage them to make a part II.
This was out when I was in high school and it got me into learning "tricks" like that
This manager at work is really into this stuff about how to present data, and the bar chart really makes the "aborted casts" on SNL stand out
The ones where almost everyone gets fired after a year.
You will never be successful doing that.
What do you want to accomplish with it?
It's it.
What do you want to accomplish with cannatech?
I think the conversation's already meaningful.
I thought you already knew what you want to do with it; you mention up there that you want to be "making loot".
OK.
You realize, of course, that you can make revenue and still not make profit?
That's funny that you invited me back because you didn't want to meet me at Dunkin' Donuts.
I will wear a pirate patch to ensure that it's a fair fight.
I don't think I'm clever with my insults - I know I am.
Do you know why?
No, not that.
Were you really that mad?
 Why did you get so mad?
Cannatech is a poor business model for making money, and it's no surprise that most of the people who invest their money or time in it will probably lose all of it.
One of the problems with investing in cannatech - one of the many - is that so many of the other investors are such that they have never invested in anything else previously, and are entering the investment motivated by it's relationship to cannibis rather than it's status as a sound investment, which will almost certainly cause a bubble of overvaluation which will end catastophically.
